The Aarhus is the airport of Aarhus, Denmark.
Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus, Denmark.
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus.
Aarhus Airport is 25 metres above sea level.
Aarhus airport is at an elevation of 25 metres above seal level.
Aarhus Airport is 25.0 metres above the sea level.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport.
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation.
Aarhus Airport runway length is 2776.0.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2776.0.
The length of the runway at Aarhus Airport is 2776.0.
The runway length at Aarhus Airport is 2777.0 meters.
The runway length at Aarhus airport is 2777.0.
Aarhus Airport runway name is 10L/28R.
10L/28R is the runway name of the Aarhus Airport.
The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10L/28R.
The runway name at Aarhus Airport is "10R/28L".
10R/28L is the runway name at Aarhus airport,.
The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10R/28L.
Abilene, Texas is in the United States.
Abilene Texas is in the United States.
Abilene, Texas is located in the United States.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Texas.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County,Texas.
Abilene is a part of Taylor County, Texas.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas.
Abilene is part of Texas.
The length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet.
The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made from asphalt.
The 1st runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made of Asphalt.
The third runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 7,202 feet long.
The 3rd runway at Abilene Regional airport is 7202 feet.
The Abilene Regional Airport's 3rd runway length is ft is 7202.
Abilene Regional Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KABI.
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is KABI.
Abilene Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 546.
The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level.
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level.
The location identifier for Abilene Regional airport is ABI.
The Abilene Regional Airport's location id is "ABI".
The location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is ABI.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1,121.
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1121.0.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2194.0.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2,195.
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2195.0.
Abilene Regional Airport runway name is 17L/35R.
17L/35R is the runway name of Abilene Regional Airport.
Abilene Regional Airport has the runway name 17L/35R.
17R/35L is the runway name at Abilene Regional airport.
The name of the runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 17R/35L.
The runway name of Abilene Regional Airport is 17R/35L.
The length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 6,573 feet.
6573 feet is the length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport.
The 1st runway length in feet of Adirondack Regional Airport is 6573.
Lake Placid, N.Y. is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport location idenitifier is SLK.
SLK is the I.D. of the Adirondack Regional Airport.
The Adirondack Regional Airport location identifier is SLK.
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1,219.
The runway length at Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219.0.
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219.0.
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0.
The length of the runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3,500.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 3500.0.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport's runway length is 3500.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4,100.
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 4100.0.
The length of the runway at Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is 4100.0.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4,349.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway that is 4349 metres long.
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 4349.0.
18R/36L is the runway name of the Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport is elevated 2988 feet above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport has an elevation above the sea level (in feet) of 2988.
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport is 911.0 metres above sea level.
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
The runway length at Afonso Pena International airport is 1800.0.
The runway at Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800 meters long.
The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport runway length is 2215.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215.0.
The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 2215.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11/29.
The runway name of Afonso Pena International Airport is 15/33.
15/33 is the runway name at Afonso Pena International airport.
The Afonso Pena International Airport's runway name is "15/33".
Agra Airport IATA Location Identifier is AGR.
AGR is the IATA I.D. of the Agra Airport.
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport.
The location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG.
The Agra Airport's ICAO location identifier is "VIAG".
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
Agra Airport is elevated 167.94 metres above sea level.
The elevation above the sea level (in metres) of Agra Airport is 167.94.
Agra Airport is in India.
Agra airport is located in India.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh.
Kheria Air Force Station is the native name of Agra Airport.
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station.
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport.
Agra Airport is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force.
The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force.
1818 is the length of the runway of Agra Airport.
The length of the runway at Agra Airport is 1818.0.
Agra Airport's runway length is 2743.0.
Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah.
The location of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is Habbaniyah.
The location identifier for Al-Taqaddum air base is MAT.
The location identifier of Al Taqaddum Air Base is MAT.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 4,019.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum air base is 4019.0.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 4019.0.
ORAA is the ICAO location identifier of Al Asad Airbase,.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA.
Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level.
The Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level.
Al Asad Airbase has an elevation above the sea level (in feet) of 618.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq.
The Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3078.48.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3090 meters.
The runway length at Al Asad airbase is 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase's runway length is 3090.0.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3,990.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3990.0.
The Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3990.0.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3,992.88.
3992.88 is the length of the runway at Al Asad Airbase.
''08/26'' is the runway name at Al Asad Airbase.
08/26 is the runway name of the Al Asad Airbase.
The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 08/26.
The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 09L/27R.
The AI Asad Airbase's runway name is "09L/27R".
09R/27L is the runway name at Al Asad airbase.
The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R/27L.
Al Asad Airbase has the runway name 09R/27L.
Alcobendas is located in Spain.
Alcobendas is in Spain.
Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid.
Alcobendas is part of the community of Madrid.
The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party (Spain).
Saint Anne is the capital of Alderney.
The main language spoken on Alderney is English.
The English language is spoken in Alderney.
Alderney uses the English language.
Alderney's leader name is Elizabeth II.
Aldernay's leader is Elizabeth II.
The leader's name of Alderney is Elizabeth II.
The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt.
The 1st runway at Alderney airport has an asphalt surface.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae.
Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level.
The Alderney Airport elevation above the sea level (in meters) is 88.
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497.0.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497.0.
The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733.0.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.
Alderney Airport's runway has a length of 877.0.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0.
Alderney Airport runway name is 03/21.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 03/21.
The runway at Alderney Airport is named 03/21.
08/26 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore.
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 2900.0.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3,310.
Allama Iqbal International airport has a runway length of 3310.0.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3310.0.
The runway name at Allama Iqbal International airport is 18L/36R.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport's runway name is "18L/36R".
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18L/36R.
Alpena Michigan is a country in United States.
Alpena, Michigan is in the U.S.
Alpena, Michigan is located in the United States.
The length of the first runway of Alpena County Regional Airport is 9001.
The first runway length in feet of Alpena County Regional Airport is 9001.
Alpena County Regional Airport city served Alpena, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan.
lpena County Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 210.
Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level.
Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County in Michigan.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN.
The Alpena County Regional Airport's location id is "APN".
The loaction identifier of Alpena County Regional Airport is APN.
Alpena Country Regional Airport owner is Alpena Country, Michigan.
Alpena County, Michigan is the owner of the Alpena County Regional Airport.
The owner of Alpena County Regional Airport is Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport's runway length is 2744.0.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744 meters long.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744.0.
7/25 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 7/25.
Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Eberhard van der Laan is the name of the leader of Amsterdam.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres.
The length of the 1st runway at Amsterdam airport Schipol is 3800 metres.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Aiport Schiphol is 3800 meters.
The first runway at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is made from asphalt.
The first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made in asphalt.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from Asphalt.
The fourth runway at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam is made of asphalt.
The 4th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schipol has a surface of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 5th runway number 18.
18 is the number of the fifth runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Amsterdam Schiphols Airport's 5th runway has the number 18.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level.
Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is located in Haarlemmermeer.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is in Haarlemmermeer.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Haarlemmermeer.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operating organization is Schiphol Group.
Schiphol Group operates the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is run by the operation organisation the Schiphol Group.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 2014.0 meters.
The runway length at Amsterdam airport, Schipol is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 2014.0.
The runway length of Amsterdam airport Schipol is 3300.0.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3300.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3300.0.
The length of the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3400.0 metres.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport, Schipol is 3400.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3400.0.
The runway length of Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is 3,453.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schipol is 3453.0.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3453.0.
Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport has a runway length of 3,500.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport is 3800.0 metres.
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schipol is 3800.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3800.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 04/22 Ooostbaan.
04/22 Oostbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 04/22 'Oostbaan.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol runway name is 09/27 Buitenvelderbaan.
09/27 Buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has a runway named 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan.
The runway name of Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is 18C/36C Zwanenburgbaan.
18C/36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18C/36C Zwanenburgbaan.
Amserdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan.
18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has the runway name 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan.
18R/36L Plderbaan is the runway name at Amsterdam Airport Schipol.
The runway at Amsterdam Sciphol Airport is called 18R/36L Polderbaan.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18R/36L Polderbaan.
The largest city in Andrews County, Texas is Andrews.
Andrews, Texas is the largest city in Andrews County, Texas.
The third runway length of Andrews County Airport is 2,939 feet.
The Andrews County Airport's 3rd runway length in ft is 2939.
The length of the 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet.
Andrews County Airport is 4th runway length feet of 25.
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is 25 feet long.
Andrews County Airport's 4th runway has a length in feet of 25.
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is made from asphalt.
The Andrews County Airport fourth runway is made of asphalt.
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of Asphalt.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.
Andrews Country Airport location identifier is E11.
E11 is the location identifier of Andrews County Airport.
Andrews County Airport is located in E11.
The length of the runway at Andrews County Airport is 1773 metres.
The runway length at Andrews County airport is 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport's runway length is 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport runway is 8 meters long.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 8.0.
Andrews County Airport runway length is 8.0.
The runway length of Andrews County airport is 929.0.
The Andrews County Airport's runway length is 929.
Andrews Country Airport's runway name is 16/34.
16/34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 2/20.
2/20 is the name of the runway of Andrews County Airport.
The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13,123 feet.
The first runway of Angola International Airport is 13123 feet long.
The 1st runway length in feet of Angola International Airport is 13123.
Angola International Airport 1st runway is Number 5.
5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport.
Angola International Airport's 1st runway has the number 5.
Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level.
The Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3,800.
The runway at Angola International airport is 3800 long.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0.
4000ft is the runway length at Angola International Airport.
The Angola International Airport is 4000 length.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 4000.0.
The runway at Angola International Airport is called "05L/23R".
05L/23R is the runway name at Angola International airport.
The runway at Angola International Airport is named 05L/23R.
"South Runway" is a runway name at Angola International airport.
The runway at Angola International Airport is named South Runway.
The name of Angola International Airport runway is "South Runway".
Antwerp is admin Arrondissement of Arrondissement.
Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp.
The administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp is the Arrondissement of Antwerp.
Antwerp is in the country of Belgium.
Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium.
Antwerp is in Belgium.
The mayor of Antwerp is Bart De Wever.
Bart De Wever is the mayor of Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.
Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp International Airport operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works.
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport.
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport.
The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region.
The runway length at Antwerp International airport is 1510.0.
The runway at Antwerp International Airport is 1510 meters.
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 1510.0.
The runway at Antwerp International airport is 600.0 in length.
Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600.0.
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 600.0.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of little chute, Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin, is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Little Chute, Wisconsin is part of Appleton, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is 1st 8002 runway length.
The first runway of Appleton International Airport has a length of 8002 feet.
The 1st runway length in feet of Appleton International Airport is 8002.
Appletone International Airport city served Appleton, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 280.
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin.
The location identifier for Appleton International Airport is ATW.
The Appleton International Airport's location id is "ATW".
The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW.
The operating organization for Appleton International Airport is in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Outagamie County, Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport.
The operators of Appleton International Airport are in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 1,982.
The runway length at Appleton International airport is 1982.0.
The Appleton International Airport's runway length is 1982.
The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 12/30.
12/30 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport.
The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3/21.
3/21 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport.
Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is 1960 feet in length.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand's 3rd runway length in feet is 1960.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 1960 feet long.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level.
Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Ardmore Airport in New Zeland is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1,411.
The runway length at Ardmore airport, New Zealand is 1411.0.
The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand's runway length is 1411.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) runway length is 597.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is 597.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 597.0.
03L/21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand.
03L/21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The runway name at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 03L/21R.
The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called "03R/21L".
03R/21L is a runway name at Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s runway name is "03R/21L".
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) runway name is 07/25.
07/25 is the runway name of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 07/25.
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet.
The 1st runway at Ashgabat International airport is 12467 feet in length.
Ashgabat International Airport's 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
The Ashgabat International Airport's 3rd runway length in ft is 2953.
The length of the 3rd runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 2953 feet.
ASB is the IATA location identifier for Ashgabat International airport.
The IATA Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is ASB.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines.
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989.0 meters.
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 2989.0.
The average runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989.0 m.
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 3800.0.
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0.
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800.0.
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 900.0.
Ashgabat International Airport's runway is 900 meters long.
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 900.0.
12L/30R is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 12L/30R.
12R/30L is the runway name of the Ashgabat International Airport.
Ashgabat International Airport has the runway name 12R/30L.
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway named 12R/30L.
Athens is located in the country of Greece.
Athens is a city in Greece.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens.
Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level.
The elevation above the sea level (in metres) of Athens International Airport is 94.
The runway length at Athens International Airport is 3,800.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 4000.0.
Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000.0.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the U.S.A.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
The leader's name of Atlantic City, New Jersey, is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KACY.
KACY is the ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City, N.J.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The elevation above sea level for Atlantic City International Airport is 75ft.
The Atlantic City International Airport is 75 feet above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 75 feet above sea level.
The elevation above the sea level (in metres) of Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, N.J.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport,.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1,873.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873.0.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0.
Atlantic City International Airport runway name is 4/22.
4/22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4/22.
The runway surface at Atlantic City International Airport is made from asphalt and concrete.
The Atlantic City International Airport's runway surface is made of Asphalt and Concrete.
The capital of Belgium is Brussels.
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels.
French is the spoken language in Belgium.
The language of Belgium is French.
French is one of the languages spoken in Belgium.
Belgium's leader is Charles Michel.
The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel.
French is the official language of Belgium.
The official language of Belgium is French.
German is the official language of Belgium.
Belguim's official language is German.
German is an official language of Belgium.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Wellington.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located in Wellington.
Curitiba is located in Brazil.
Curitiba is in Brazil.
Curitiba is part of the State of Paraná.
Curitiba is part of Parana state.
Curitaba is part of the state of Parana.
Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party (Brazil).
Denmark language is Danish language.
Danish is the language of Denmark.
The language of Denmark is Danish.
The Faroese language is spoken in Denmark.
Denmark's language is Faroese.
German is the language spoken in Denmark.
German is the language of Denmark.
German is a language spoken in Denmark.
Greenlandic is the language spoken in Denmark.
The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark.
One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic.
Denmark's leader is Margrethe II of Denmark.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark.
The Queen of Denmark is Margrethe II.
ENAIRE is in the city of Madrid.
ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid.
ENAIRE is located in Madrid.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the United States.
Egg Harbor Township is located in New Jersey, in the United States.
Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Egg Harbor Township,New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Egg Harbor Township is a part of New Jersey.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, is part of New Jersey.
Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flanders.
Flanders is the jurisdiction of the Flemish Government.
The Flemish Government has its jurisdiction in Flanders.
Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flemish Region.
The Flemish Government has jurisdiction of the Flemish region.
The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government is the Flemish Region.
The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium.
Greece demonym is Greeks.
The people of Greece are called Greeks.
The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks.
Greece leader name is Alexis Tsipras.
Alexis Tsipras is the name of the leader of Greece.
The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras.
Greece's leader name is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of Greece.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the name of the Leader of Greece.
Greenville, Wisconsin, is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Dale, Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Ellington, Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin, is part of Ellington, Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Menasha, Wisconsin.
Greenville is part of the town of Menasha in Wisconsin.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin.
Harrietsown, New York, is located in United States.
Harrietstown, New York is in the United States.
Harrietstown, New York is part of New York.
Harrietstown, New York, is part of New York.
Harrietstown is part of New York.
Narendra Modi is the leader of India.
The leader of India is Narendra Modi.
One of the leaders of India is called T. S. Thakur.
T S Thakur is a leader of India.
The leader of India is T.S. Thakur.
India's Air Force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of the Indian Air Force.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force.
The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Infraero is in Brasilia.
Infraero is located in Brasilia.
Infraero location is in Brazil.
Infraero is in Brazil.
Infraero is located in Brazil.
The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar.
The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar.
The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq.
Iraq is led by Fuad Masum.
Iraq's leader is Fuad Masum.
The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum.
Iraq leader name is Haider Al-Abadi.
Haider al-Abadi is the name of the leader of Iraq.
The leader if Iraq is called Haider al-Abadi.
The official language of Iraq is Arabic.
Arabic is the official language of Iraq.
Lahore is in Pakistan.
Lahore is located in Pakistan.
Lake Placid, New York is located in the United States.
Lake Placid, New York is part of Essex County, New York.
Lake Placid, New York is part of New York.
Lake Placid, New York, is part of New York.
Luanda is in the country of Angola.
Luanda is located in Angola.
Madrid is part of the community of Madrid.
Ahora Madrid is the leading party of Madrid.
The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Maple Ridge Townshio, Alpena County Michigan is in the United States.
The Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the U.S.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is located in the United States.
Pakistan's leader is Mamnoon Hussain.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan.
Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan.
Pakistan's leader is Nawaz Sharif.
The leader of Pakistan is Nawaz Sharif.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority Headquarters is the Jinnah International Airport.
The headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority are at Jinnah International Airport.
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority's location is Jinnah International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport.
Paracuellos de Jarama is in Spain.
Paracuellos de Jarama is located in Spain.
Poaceae class is Monocotyledon.
Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon.
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids.
Poaceae is the order of Commelinids.
Poaceae is of the Poales order.
Poaceae is of the order Poales.
Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's headquarter is New York.
New York is the base of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New York region.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New York.
Punjab is found in the country Pakistan.
Punjab is in Pakistan.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is a leader in the Punjab, Pakistan.
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan.
Punjab, Pakistan's leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The leader of Punjab, Pakistan is Shehbaz Sharif.
The Punjab, Pakistan, is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Punjab, Pakistan is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid.
The People's Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain.
Saranac Lake, New York is located in the U.S.
Saranac Lake New York is located in the United States.
Saranac Lake, New York is located in the United States.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Essex County, New York.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Saranac Lake, New York, is part of Harrietstown, New York.
South Jersey Transportation Authority's leader name is Stephen Dilts.
Stephen Dilts is the head of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
São José dos Pinhais is part Of Paraná (state).
São José dos Pinhais is part of the state of Paraná.
Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of Parana.
São José dos Pinhais is part of the south region of Brazil.
Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Austin is the capital of Texas.
The capital of Texas is Austin.
Texas is in the United States.
Texas is located in the United States.
Texas demonym is Tejano.
The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym of Tejano.
A Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas.
The people of Texas are known as Texans.
The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Texan.
The people of Texas are called Texans.
English is spoken in Texas.
English is the language of Texas.
The language spoken in Texas is English.
Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Spanish is a language spoken in Texas.
Tirstrup is located in the country of Denmark.
Tirstrup is in the country of Denmark.
Tirstrup is in Denmark.
Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region.
Tirstrup is part of Denmark.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Turkmenistan.
The hub airport for Turkmenistan airlines is Ashgabat International airport.
Turkmenistan Airlines utilizes the Ashgabat International Airport as its hub.
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport.
Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines.
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
The hub Airport of Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
United States Air FOrce aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force.
United States Air Force's aircraft fighter is called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U.S. Air Force.
McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a Fighter Aircraft of the United States Air Force.
The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers.
The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft of the United States Air Force.
One of the noted United States Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada.
The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada.
The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada.
The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war.
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War.
The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force.
Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force.
The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Panama.
The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force.
Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand.
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh.
The leader name of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Wilson Township, in Alpena County, Michigan is in the U.S.A.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the United States.
The Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the United States.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola.
Ícolo e Bengo is located in Angola.
Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province.
Ícolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province.
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus who's leader is Jacob Bundsgaard.
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus where Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader.
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus, it's leader is Jacob Bundsgaard.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, in Denmark.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, part of Central Denmark.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup Denmark.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2702.0.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, and its runway length is 2702.0.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2702.0.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aktieselskab and the runway length is 2702.0.
The Aarhus Airport, with a runway length of 2702, is operated by Aktieselskab.
The Aarhus airport, which has a runway length of 2702.0, is operated by Aktieselskab.
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation and the runway name is 10L/28R.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has the runway known as 10L/28R.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport, and its runway is called 10L/28R.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has the runway name 10R/28L.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport, where the runway name is 10R/28L.
The runway name at Aarhus Airport, operated by Aktieselskab, is "10R/28L".
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthave A/S and the length of the runway is 2776.0.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of 2776.0 metres.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aktieselkab, has a runway length of 2776.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776.0 metres.
The Aktieselkab organisation operates Aarhus Airport, which has a runway length of 2776.0.
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation and has a runway length of 2777.0 meters.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of 2777.0 meters.
546m above sea level, the length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet.
The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3678 feet.
Abilene Regional Airpot is 546 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3678 feet.
Abilene Regional Airportis 546 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt.
The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport (elevation 546 metres above sea level) is made from asphalt.
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt.
The Abilene Regional Airport lies 546 metres above sea level and its third runway is 7,202 feet long.
The Abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 7202 feet.
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level and the length of the 3rd runway is 7202 feet.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas, United States.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas United States.
Abilene in Texas (United States) is served by the Abilene regional airport.
The Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Jones County, Texas.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Jones County, Texas.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas and served by Abilene regional airport.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas and is served by the Abilene regional airport.
Abilene, Taylor County, Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport.
Abilene Regional Airport, located 546 metres above sea level, has the location identifier ABI.
The Abilene Regional Airport's identifier is ABI and it is 546 metres above sea level.
The location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport, located 546 metres above sea level, is ABI.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 6573 ft in length.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 6573 metres.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 6,573 feet.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and is located in Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional airport is located at Harrietstown, New York and is 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and is located at Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has SLK as its location identifier.
SLK is the I.D. of the Adirondack Regional Airport which is 507 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, in Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid, Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama at an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama and is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which has a runway length of 3500 is located in Paracuellos de Jarama.
The Adolfo Suarez madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama and its runway length is 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 3500.0.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 4100.
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport, Paracuellos de Jarama, is 4100.0.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport located at Paracuellos de Jarama, is 4,100.
Located in Paracuellos de Jarama, theAdolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway length of 4349.0.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, in Paracuellos de Jarama, is 4,349.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 4349.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama, Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama in Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes, in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain.
In Madrid, the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway with the length of 3,500 metres.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 3500.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Madrid is 3500.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport (located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas) has a runway that is 4349 metres long.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 4349.0.
Found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, has a runway that is 4349 metres long.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes, is 4,349.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebstian de los Reyes and its runway is 4349 metres long.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba, which is part of Parana state.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba which is part of the State of Paraná.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the state of Parana.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba, part of the South Region in Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba, South Region, Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airpor in São José dos Pinhais, is 2988 feet above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport, located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, is elevated 2988 feet above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport, with a runway length of 1800.00, is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Afonso Pena International Airport, operated by Infraero, is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Afonso Pena International Airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais is operated by Infraero.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and Infraero is the operating organisation.
Infraero in Brazil, operates Afonso Pena International Airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero who are located in Brazil.
Located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais, Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215.0 metres.
2215.0 is the length of the runway at Afonso Pena International Airport, São José dos Pinhais.
The runway length at Afonso Pena International Airport, located in São José dos Pinhais, is 2215.0.
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport, Agra.
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport which is located in Agra.
AGR is the IATA I.D. of the Agra Airport which is located in Agra.
Agra airport is located in Agra and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Agra airport is in India and has the ATA location identifier AGR.
Agra Airport, India, has an IATA Location Identifier of AGR.
Agra airport is located in India and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
The location identifier for Agra Airport, India is VIAG.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport which is in India is VIAG.
Agra Airport is located in India, where the leader is Narendra Modi.
Agra Airport is in India where the leader is Narendra Modi.
The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Agra airport is located in that country.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR.
AGR is the IATA location identifier for Agra Airport which is located in Uttar Pradesh.
Located in Uttar Pradesh, Agra Airport has the ATA location identifier AGR.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh with the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and its ICAO identifier is VIAG.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is the leader.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, the leader there is Ram Naik.
Agra Airport in Agra is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Agra.
The operating organization for Agra Airport located in Agra, is the Indian Air Force.
The Indian Air Force has a transport aircraft called the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and it also operates Agra Airport.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force, the operating organisation for Agra Airport.
The Al Taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in country of Iraq.
The Al Taqaddum air base serves Fallujah. The runway length is 3684.
The length of the runway at Al-Taqaddum Air Base, which serves the city of Fallujah, is 3684.0.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum air base is 4019.0 and it serves the city of Fallujah.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq, it's runway is 3078.48 long.
Located at Al Anbar Province, in Iraq, Al Asad Airbase has a runway with the length of 3078.48 metres.
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is 618 feet above sea level.
Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level and is located in Iraq.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase, Iraq, is 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq and has a length of 3078.48m.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase, located in Iraq, is 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase, in Iraq, Has a runway length of 3990.
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq and has a runway length of 3,990.
In Iraq, the Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3,990 metres.
Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and the length of the runway is 3992.88.
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase, Iraq, is 3,992.88.
The United States Air Force, who operated Al Asad airbase, deploy the aircraft fighter known as General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which also uses the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft.
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase.
The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U.S. Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase.
Al Asad Airbase, operated by the United States Air Force, uses The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft carrier.
Al Asad Airbase uses the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and is operated by The U.S. Air Force.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force whose aircraft carriers transport the Lockheed AC-130.
The United States Air Force was fighting in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 and also operates the Al Asad Airbase.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which carried out the US bombing of Libya.
The USAF, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase.
The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war and operates the Al Asad Airbase.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses the transport aircraft, the Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and uses the transport aircraft, Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which use the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft.
Al Asad airbase is located in the Al Anbar province in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
The Al Asad Airbase, located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq, has a runway length of 3990 ft.
Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq has a runway that's 3,992.88 long.
Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3992.88 and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3,992.88.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party (Spain).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas where the Peoples Party (Spain) is the leader party.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party (Spain).
The city of Alderney is served by the Alderney Airport which has first runway made of asphalt.
The first runway at Alderney airport, which serves Alderney, has an asphalt surface.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport where the 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
Serving the city of Alderney, Alderney Airport's 1st runway is made from Poaceae.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport, which serves Alderney, is poaceae.
The surface type of the 497.0 long runway at Alderney Airport is poaceae.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497.0 and the 1st runway has a poaceae surface.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport, which is 497.0 in length, is made from Poaceae.
Alderney Airport has a runway with a length of 733.0 metres and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae.
The Alderney Airport has a runway length of 733 and its 1st runway surface is poaceae.
The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from poaceae, which belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from poaceae, Poaceae is the order of Commelinid.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae, which is of the order Poales.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae, which is of the order Poales.
The first runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae, which is a member of the order of Poales.
The capital of Alderney is Saint Anne and is served by the Alderney Airport.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney, where the capital is Saint Anne.
Alderney Airport serves the English speaking city of Alderney.
The English language is spoken in Alderney which is served by Alderney airport.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney whose leader is Elizabeth II.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney, whose leader is Elizabeth II.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney, the leader of which is Elizabeth II.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 497.0.
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497.0, it is made of asphalt.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan.
In Pakistan, the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan with a runway length of 2900m.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport, Pakistan, is 2900.0.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is 3,310.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and the runway length is 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport, with a runway length of 3310.0, is located in Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360.12 and is located in Pakistan.
The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan has a length of 3360.12.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Mamnoon Hussain.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan, the leader of the country is Mamnoon Hussain.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Mamnoon Hussain is a leader.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Nawaz Sharif.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan whose leader is Nawaz Sharif.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is a leader.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan, of which Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader.
Located in Punjab, in Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12 metres.
The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan is 3360.12 long.
Allama Iqbal international airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 3360.12.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Punjab, Pakistan, led by the Provincial Assembly, is the location of Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating authority of the Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is located in Punjab, Pakistan.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan.
Jinnah International Airport is the location of the HQ of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, who govern Allama Iqbal International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is located at Jinnah International airport, is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3310.0 and is found in Punjab, Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan; its runway length is 3,310.
Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Punjab, Pakistan has a runway length of 3310.0..
Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and its first runway has a length of 9,001 feet.
lpena County Regional Airport is 210m above sea level, its first runway is 9001 feet long.
The Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is owned by Alpena Country, Michigan.
Aplena County Regional Airport, which is 210 metres above sea level is owned by Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County, Michigan is the owner of the Alpena County Regional Airport, which has an elevation above sea level of 210 metres.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township. Alpena County, Michigan and it is 210 metres above sea level.
lpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, the airport is 210m above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the U.S.A..
Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located at Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, USA.
The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN and is 210m a.s.l.
Ipena County Regional Airport (IPN) is 210 metres above sea level.
The Alpena County Regional Airport's location id is "APN", and it is elevated 210 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and its first runway is known as Number 18.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is known as Number 18.
The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18, the airport is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and its 5th runway number is 18.
Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 5th runway is known as number 18.
Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 5th runway has the number 18.
Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 5th runway has an asphalt surface.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and the 5th runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol, which is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level, has a fifth runway with an asphalt surface.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam, where the airport serving the city is called Amsterdam Airport Schipol.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam whose leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Amsterdam airport, Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam, the leader of which is Eberhard van der Laan.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, with a runway length of 3400.0, serves the city of Amsterdam.
Serving the city of Amsterdam, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3400.0 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway that is 3400 metres long.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, has a runway length of 3453.0.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is 3453.0.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is 3500.0.
The Amsterdam Airport, whose runway is 3800 feet, serves Amsterdam.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway length is 3800.0 and it serves Amsterdam.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, located in Haarlemmermeer, is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level.
Andrews County, Texas has its county seat in Andrews, Texas and owns the airport with the same name.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas, which has its seat in the county.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas where the largest city is Andrews.
The owner of Andrew County airport is Andrews County, Texas where the largest city is Andrews.
Andrews, Texas is the largest city in Andrews County, Texas, which owns the Andrews County Airport.
The 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet and it is 973 m above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 3rd runway has a length of 2939 feet.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea level and the 4th runway has a length of 25 feet.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is 25ft.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, who's inhabitants are called Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where tejano is the demonym used.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the demonym is Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants are called Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the locals are called Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where they speak English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the spoken language is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where English is the spoken language.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Spanish is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and is located in E11.
E11 is the location identifier of Andrews County Airport, which is located 973 metres above sea level.
The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13,123 feet, the airport is 159m above sea level.
5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport which is 159m a.s.l.
The first runway at Angola International Airport is known as 5 and is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport's 1st runway has the number 5, and the elevation of the airport above the sea level is 159 m.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
Asphalt is the surface of the first runway of Angola International Airport, which is located 159 metres above sea level.
The Angola International Airport located in Icolo e Bengo is 159 meters above sea level.
Angola International Airport, located in Ícolo e Bengo, is 159 metres above the sea level.
The Angola International Airport which is 159 meters above sea level, is located at Ícolo e Bengo.
Angola International Airport can be found in Ícolo e Bengo, which is in the Luanda Province.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, in the Luanda Province.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and it is 4000 in length.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and its runway is 4000 long.
The arrondissement of Antwerp serves the city of Antwerp, where the Antwerp International Airport is located.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is administrated by the Arrondissement of Antwerp.
Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp which is served by Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium.
Antwerp in Belgium is served by the Antwerp international airport.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in Belgium.
Bart De Wever is the mayor of Antwerp, which is served by Antwerp International airport.
Bart De Wever is mayor of Antwerp, home of the Antwerp International Airport.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is 12 metres above sea level, is operated by the Flemish Government.
Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish government.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by the Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Government.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government.
The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region and the operating organisation is the Flemish government.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and its runway is 600 long.
Antwerp International airport, operated by the Flemish government, has a runway length of 600 feet.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and its runway is 600 long.
The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government which has jurisdiction in Flanders.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government which has jurisdiction over Flanders.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and serves the city of Antwerp.
Flemish Region owns Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport, serving the city of Antwerp, is owned by Flemish Region.
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport which is owned by Flemish Region.
Owned by the Flemish Region, Antwerp International Airport's operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport, as it is owned by the Flemish Region.
Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 1510.0 and is operated by The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works are the operators of Antwerp International Airport, which has a runway length of 1510.0.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works; its runway length is 600.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is the operator of Antwerp International Airport, which has a runway length of 600.0.
Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600.0 and is operated by Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
The Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
Appletone International Airport serves Appleton which is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
The city, Appleton, Wisconsin is part of little chute, Wisconsin, and is served by Appleton International Airport.
Little Chute is part of Appleton, Wisconsin which is served by Appleton International Airport.
The Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and the first runway built here has a length of 8002 feet.
The first runway of Appleton International Airport has a length of 8002 feet and an elevation of 280 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level, and its operators are in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Outagamie County, Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport is at an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level,.
The Appleton International Airport in Greenville, Wisconsin is 280 metres above sea leve.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States.
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and the location ID, ATW.
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and has the location identifier ATW.
The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW and is 280m a.s.l.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand, is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway is 1960 feet long.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway has a length of 1960 feet.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and the 3rd runway is 1960 feet in length.
At New Zealand's Ardmore Airport, one of the runways is 518.0 long and the third runway is made of Poaceae.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 518.0.
03L/21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand where the 3rd runway is made of Poaceae.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s runway name is 03L/21R and its surface type is Poaceae.
New Zealand's Ardmore airport has the runway name 03L/21R. It also has a third runway surface type which is Poaceae.
Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a runway named 03R/21L and interestingly the third runway is made of Poaceae.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand), which is called "03R/21L", is made of Poaceae.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae and the runway is called "03R/21L".
New Zealand's Ardmore Airport has a runway named 07/25 and its 3rd runway has a Poaceae surface.
The third runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
New Zealand's Ardmore Airport has a third type of runway surface, Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the order Commelinids.
New Zealand's Ardmore Airport's 3rd runway is made of poaceae (Commelinids order).
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is of the order of Commelinids.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is of the order Poales.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae of the Poales order.
The third runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a surface type known as Poaceae which is of the Poales order.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, located in Auckland, New Zealand.
Ardmore Airport is located in Auckland, New Zealand and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
The Ardmore Airport which is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Auckland.
The Civil Aviation Authority of Wellington, New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, located in Wellington.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1,411 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae.
Ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 3rd runway has a length of 2953 feet.
The Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway has length of 2953 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport's is 211 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway is 2953 ft in length.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA and the IATA location is ASB.
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport and ASB is the IATA identifier.
Ashgabat International airport has an ICAO location identifier of UTAA, and an IATA location identifier of ASB.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and it is 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 211 m above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it is 211 metres above sea level.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level is called Turkmenistan Airlines.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, it is 211m above sea level.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has Turkmenbashi International Airport as its hub.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines, who are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport, is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport and has a runway length of 2989m.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 2989 metres.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat has a runway length of 2989.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is a city in Greece.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece.
The Athens international airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 4000.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and its runway length is 4000.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and is 94 metres above sea level.
Athens International Airport, which is 94 metres above sea level, is in Sparta.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata, at 94 m above the sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey and has Don Guardian as its leader.
Atlantic City, N.J., which is led by Don Guardian, is served by the Atlantic City International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township which is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbour Township, which is located in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, NJ, which is part of Atlantic County.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23.0 metres above sea level.
The Atlantic City International Airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 m above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0 metres above sea level and is operated by the Port Authority of New York.
13/31 is the name of a runway at Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authorities of New York and New Jersey.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport, which has the runway name of 13/31.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has a runway named "13/31".
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based at the Four World Trade Centre and operates Atlantic City international airport.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, based in New York.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, headquartered in New York, is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport with its headquarters in New York.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority whose chief is Stephen Dilts.
Atlantic City International Airport owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority who's chief is Stephen Dilts.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts.
Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority headed by Stephen Dilts .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is headed by Stephen Dilts.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, its runway length is 1,873.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport, where the runway length is 1873.
Atlantic City International Airport, run by the port authorities of New York and New jersey, ha a runway length of 1,873.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE, Madrid.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid.
Atlantic City International Airport can be found in New Jersey in Egg Harbor Township.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey.
Antwerp international airport is operated by the Flemish government which has full jurisdiction.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government, which has jurisdiction over the Flemish Region.
The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government who have jurisdiction of the Flemish Region.
India's Air Force has a helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter and also operates Agra Airport.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force who operates the Agra Airport.
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
The Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan.
The city of Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York which is part of Essex County, New York.
Lake Placid, New York is part of Essex County, NY and it is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport.
Lake Placid, is part of Essex County, New York and is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport.
Lake Placid, New York is part of New York and is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid which is in and is a part of New York.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid, which is part of the community known by the same name.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is in the United States. The Alpena County Regional Airport is located there.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the United States in the Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, USA.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is classed as a Monocotyledon.
Poaceae, of the class Monocotyledon, is the surface type of the second runway at Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and is used as the surface of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is covered with poaceae, which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a type of flowering plant.
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and it is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Poaceae is the order of Commelinids, it is also the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York which is part of Harrietstown, N.Y.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York which is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake in Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York, in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York, U.S.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York which is part of the U.S.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark; where the language is Danish.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark where the language spoken is Danish.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark where the Danish language is spoken.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese.
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup, Denmark. Faroese is the language there.
Tirstrup is located in Denamrk, where people speak German. Aarhus Airport serves Tirstrup.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark where the German language is spoken.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark. German is the language spoken in that country.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark and Greenlandic is the official language in Denmark.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken.
Denmark is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is the location of Aarhus AIrport, Tirstrup.
Aarhus Airport is found in Tirstrup, Denmark where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is its leader.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, in Denmark, where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark.
Tirstrup is located in Denmark, where Margrethe II is leader. The Aarhus airport is located here.
Aarhus Aiport is in Tirstruo which is in Denmark, whose Queen id Margrethe II.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, which is in the Central Denmark region.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport, Denmark, is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup,Denmark which is part of the Central Denmark Region.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
The location of Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup which is in the central Denmark region of Denmark.
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, Aarhus Airport, has a runway length of 2702.0 metres and a runway named 10L/28R.
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, Aarhus Airport has a runway name 10L/28R and a runway length of 2702 metres.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organization for Aarhus Airport, where the runway is named 10L/28R, with a length of 2702.0.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport where the runway 10L/28R with a length of 2776.0.
Aarhus Airport, which is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation, has a runway that's 2,776 long and is named 10L/28R.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aktieselskab has a runway length of 2776.0 and a name of 10L/28R.
Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation, Aarhus Airport, has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway named 10R/28L.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aktieselskab; its runway name is 10R/28L and its runway length is 2776.
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation. Its runway's name is 10R/28L and is 2776.0 feet in length.
Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 metres and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The name of the runway is 10L/28R.
Aarhus airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthaven A/S. Its runway name is 10L/28R and its length is 2777 metres.
The Aarhus Airport is run by the Aarhus Lufthavn A/S organization. The runway(whose name is 10L/28R) is 2777 feet in length.
Aarhus airport, with a runway name of 10R/28L, and a length of 2777.0. is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavan A/S, has a runway length of 2777.0 with a name of 10R/28L.
Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation, Aarhus airport has a runway that is 2777.0 metres long. It also has a runway with the name 10L/28R.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has a runway that is 2777.0 meters long and the runway name 10L/28R.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aktieselskab, has a runway length of 2777.0 and the runway name is 10L/28R.
The 10R/28L runway which is 2777.0 meters long is located in Aarhus Airport which is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation.
The 10R/28L runway at Aarhus airport is 2777.0 in length, which is run by the operating organization of Aktieselskab.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport where the runway length is 2777.0 and the runway name is 10R/28L.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Jones County, Texas, United States.
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States.
Abilene, Texas, served by Abilene Regional airport, is part of Jones county, Texas, USA.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is in Texas, in the United States.
In Texas we have Abilene which is usually served by the Abilene regional airport, located in the united states.
Abilene, Texas, in the US, is served by the Abilene Regional Airport.
Serving the city of Abilene in Texas, Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1,121 metres.
Abilene Regional Airport in Texas is 546 metres above sea level and its runway length is 1,121.
Abilene regional airport has a runway length of 1,121, it is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of Abilene in Texas.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas. Its runway is 2194 feet and is 546 m above sea level.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. Its runway length is 2194.0 and 546 m above sea level.
The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene and it's 546 metres above sea level with a runway that's 2,194 long.
Abilene Regional Airport, located 546 metres above sea level, serves the city of Abilene, Texas with a runway length of 2,195.
Abilene Regional Airport, serving the city of Abilene Texas, has a runway length of 2195.0 and is located at 546 meters above sea level.
Lake Placid, N.Y. is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport. This airport is 507 metres above sea level and serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York, is 507 meters above sea level and serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport, serving the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, has an elevation of 507 meters.
At an elevation of 610 metres above seal level, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, in Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Madrid, Spain and it is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, Spain is elevated 610 meters above sea level.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain, and has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport with an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea level is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain. It is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
With an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas in Spain at 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and is 610 m above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport (in Alcobendas), has a runway named 14L/32R and a runway that is 3500 metres long.
Located in Alcobendas is Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport. This airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway name 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas. The name of the runway is 14L/32R and its length is 3500 m.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and has the runway name of 14L/32R with a length of 4100.
Located in Alcobendas, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway named 18R/36L.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas. The runway name is 18R/36L and the length is 3500.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and the length of it is 3500 feet.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 4100.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport which is located at Paracuellos de Jarama has a runway length of 4100.0 and a runway name of 18L/36R.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which is in Paracuellos de Jarama, has a runway named 18L/36R and is 4,100 long.
Located in Paracuellos de Jarama, the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has the runway name 18L/36R and a runway length of 4349 metres.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama. Its runway name is 18L/36R and it is 4349 long.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport which is located at Paracuellos de Jarama has a runway name of 18L/36R with a length of 4349.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and is in Paracuellos de Jarama, in Spain.
At an elevation of 610 metres above sea level, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama, in Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is at 610 metres above sea level and is located at Paracuellos de Jarama, Spain.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport iin Madrid is 3500m and named 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and its runway called 14L/32R and is 3500 metres long.
The 14L/32R runway in Adofo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, has a length of 4349.0.
The 14L/32R runway in Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport, Madrid has a length of 4349.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid has a runway name of 14L/32R which has a length of 4349.0.
Located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport has a runway length of 4100 metres and a runway name 18L/36R.
Found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport has a runway length of 4.100 metres and a runway named 18L/36R.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway length is 4,100 and the runway name is 18L/36R.
The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport at San Sebastian de los Reyes is 18L/36R and it is 4349 metres long.
Asolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airpoty is found in San Sebastián de Los Reyes and has a runway named 18L/36R which is 4349 meters long.
Curitiba is part of the State of Parana, in the south region of Brazil. The Afonsa Pena International airport serves the city.
Afonso Pena International Airport servers curitiba, part of the Parane state in South Region of Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba, which is part of the State of Parana and led by the Democratic Labour Party of Brazil.
Afonsa Pena International airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of Parana State and led by the Democratic Labour Party of Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba,Parana state,where the local leader party is the Democratic Labour Party(Brazil).
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil, is lead by the Democratic Labour Party (Brazil) and is served by Afonsa Pena International airport,.
Afonso Pena International airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero. It is 911 metres above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport, located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, is 911 meters above sea level and is operated by Infraero.
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero.
Located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais, Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11/29, and a runwiay length of 1800.0 metres.
São José dos Pinhais is where Afonso Pena International Airport is located, This airport has a runway named 11/29, as well as a runway that is 1800 meters long.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 1800.0 with the name 11/29.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais; its runway name is 15/33 and it is 1800 metres long.
Afonso Pena International Airport located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, has a 15/33 runway with a length of 1800.0.
The 11/29 runway in Afonso Pena International airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais has a length of 2215.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais with runway 11/29 at 2215m long.
Afonso Pena Airport, located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, has a runway length of 2215.0 and a runway name of 11/29.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 2215.0 which is named 15/33.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, and is located at 167.94 metres above sea level.
Agra Airport, located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh has an elevation of 167.94 meters about sea level.
Agra Airport, located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, has an elevation of 167.94 elevation of 167.94.
Agra Airport with an elevation of 167.94 meters above sea level is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand.
With an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level, Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra airport at 167.94 metres above sea level,.
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport which is located in India and has the location identifier VIAG.
Agra airport, in india has an identifier of VIAG and is operated by Airports Authority of India.
Agra Airport, located in India with an identifier of VIAG, is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
Agra airport is located in India, where two of the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Agra airport is located in India, whose leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Agra airport is in India where the leaders are TS Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is VIAG. The airport is operated by the AIrports Authority of India.
Agra Airport (VIAG) is in Uttar Pradesh. The Airports Authority of India is located there.
Agra Airport, with the ICAO identifier of VIAG, located in Uttar Pradesh is operated by airports authority of India.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is made up of several parts, two of which are Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is a part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Awadh is part of Uttar Pradesh which is where Agra Airport is and where Ram Naik is the leader.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Agra Airport is in Utter Pradesh, Bundelkhand, whose leader is Ram Naik.
Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Bundelkhand, is lead by Ram Naik and is the location of Agra Airport.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. The leader there is Ram Naik.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the airport in Agra is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Agra airport is located inAgra and its location identifier is VIAG. The Indian Air Force operate this airport.
The operating organization for agra airports is the indian air force, with the identifier VIAG, located in Agra.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq, where they speak Arabic.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Arabic speaking Iraq.
The Al Taqaddum air base which serves the city of Fallujah is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah is located at 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684.0.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah has a runway length of 3684.0 and is 84 metres above sea level.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base, located 84 metres above sea level, serves the city of Fallujah and has a runway length of 4,019.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah has a runway length of 4019.0 and is located at 84 metres above sea level.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. The runway there is 4019 feet and it is 84 m above sea level.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway that is 3090 metres long.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forces. It is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq and its runway length is 3090.
The USAF, operating the Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbard Province, Iraq, which has a runway length of 3090 meters.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq with a runway length of 3,990 is operated by the United States Air Force.
Al Asad Airbase, operated by the USAF, is found in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase, which is in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, which is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq, and has a runway length of 3990.0 metres.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq, the airbase has a runway length of 3990.0.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq, is run by the United States Air Force and has a runway of 3992.88m.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq, the airbase has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al Asad airbase, which is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. An aircraft there is the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and using F-16 Fighting Falcons as an aircraft fighter.The 1986 United States bombing of Lybia was carried out by the US Air Force.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which uses General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (an aircraft fighter) and was part of Operation Enduring Freedom.
The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase where General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighters can be found. The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force.
The US Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, where the general Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon was involved in Operating Enduring Freedom.
The USAF operate the Al Asad airbase, and previously were involved in the Invasion of Panama. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter.
The United States Air Force, which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase was involved in battles at the invasion of Panama and deploys the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon aircraft.
The Al-Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who have previously fought in the Korean War. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a fighter aircraft.
The United States Air Force, which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase,and using McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighters,and fought the battles during "The Operation Enduring Freedom".
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the United States invasion of Panama, and who use an aircarft fighter called McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The USAF, the operating organization for Al Asad airbase, was involved in the Invasion of Panama and has the aircraft fighter McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The United States Air Force operates Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the US invasion of Panama and deploy the McDonnel Douglas F15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as The General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon.
The USAF, veterans of the invasion of Grenada with F16 fighting flacons operates Al Asad Airbase.
The United States Air Force operates the Al Asad airbase and previously fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986.
The USAF bombed Libya in 1986, also fought in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad airbase.
The USAF, involved in the invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986, is the operation organisation for Al Asad airbase.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama.
The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. They also operate Al Asad airbase.
The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War, and now it operates the Al Asad airbase. One of its fighter aircraft is named the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who deploy the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter and fought battles in the Korean war.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and fought in the Korean War. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Korean War and the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War, bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase.
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and were used in the invasion of Panama. Al Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air Force.
The United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought in the Korean war and at the invasion of Panama.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas, which is part of the community of Madrid, in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas which is part of Community of Madrid and is Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the Madrid community in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid. The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party (Spain).
Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located in Alcobendas, Madrid. The leading party is the People Party (Spain).
Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid whose leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party (Spain). The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located there.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas (Spain) where the leader party is the Peoples Party.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Spain at Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party (Spain).
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in alcobendas, spain, where the leader party is the People's party.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport. This airport's 1st runway is made from Poaceae and it has a runway length of 497.0.
The 1st runway of Alderney airport, which serves the city of Alderney, is made of poaceae and is 497.0 long.
The Alderney Airport serves the island of Alderney and its 1st runway is surfaced with poaceae and has a 497 meters long runway.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and is in the class Monocotyledon.
At Alderney airport, the 1st runway is made from Poaceae which is a Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae, which is in the Monocotyledon class and is in the order of Commelinids.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae, a Monocotyledon classed member of the order of Poales.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a Monocotyledon and belongs to the Poales order.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from Poaceae of the orders Poales and Commelinids.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the Poales and Commelinids orders.
Poaceae from the order of Poales and the order of Commelinids is used on the 1rst runway at Alderney Airport.
The city of Alderney is served by Alderney Airport. This airport has a runway length of 497.0 metres and its 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney with an asphalt surfaced runway of 497m.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a length of 497.0.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which has a runway length of 733.0 metres. Additionally, its 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
Alderney Airport serves Laderney. Its runway has length of 722.0 and is made of asphalt.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway made of asphalt that is 733.0 in length.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney, and has an asphalt runway of 877m.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of asphalt and the runway length is 877.
Located in Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900 metres and a runway name,18L/36R.
Located in Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International airport, has a runway that is called 18L/36R and is 2900.0 metres long.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway name of "18L/36R" and a length of 2900.0.
The 18L/36R runway in Allama Iqbal International airport in Pakistan, has a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan, and has a runway length of 3310.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Allam Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3310.0 and a name of 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3360.12. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length is 3360.12 and the runway name is 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Pakistan, has a runway length of 3360.12 and is named 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway named 18R/36L. The runway length is 2900.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan. Its runway name is 18R/36L and it is 2900 long.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a 2,9 km long runway identified by the name 18R/36L.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority runs Allam Iqbal International Airport in Punjab Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in the Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in the Jinnah International Airport.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport, in Punjab Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, based in Jinnah International Airport.
The 18L/36R runway of the Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and has a length of 33310.0.
Located in Punjab, Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3,310 metres and a runway name 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway name is 18L/36R and has a length of 3310.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Maple Ridge Township, Michigan has a runway length of 1533.0 and has an elevation of 210 meters.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1,533 and it is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1,533 and is found in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the U.S.A.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan,United States and it has a 1533 meters runway.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length is 2744.0 metres and is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, in the United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. Its runway length is 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and is 2744 meters long.
Found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, is Alpena County Regional Airport. This airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 metres.
At an elevation of 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length is 2744.0 and is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.
With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, in Alpena County, Michigan, in the U.S.A.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level at Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the USA.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, USA and is 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Alpena County, Michigan in the United States. It has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Alpena County Michigan, USA and has a length of 1533.0.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, USA, and has a runway length of 2744.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and is 2744 metres long.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is 2744 meters long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 2014.0 and is -3.3528 above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol is 3.3528 below sea level, has a runway that's 2,014 long and serves Amsterdam.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schipol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is 3,300. The airport is 3.3528 below sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3.3528 below sea level, has a runway that's 3,300 long and serves the city it's located in.
Amsterdam airport, Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam and is located at -3.3528 above sea level with a runway length of 3400.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam, with a runway length of 3400.0. and has an elevation of -3.3528.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam, it has a runway length of 3453.0 and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves Amsterdam has a runway length of 3453.0 and is -3.3528 from sea level.
The Schiphol Airport located -3.3528 metres above sea level with a 3,453 km long runway and serves the city of Amsterdam.
Amsterdam is served by the Schipol airport which is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway length is 3800.
Located in Texas, Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea level and has a runway length of 8.0.
Andrews County Airport, Texas is 97 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 8.0.
Andrews County Airport in Texas has a runway length of only 8.0 and is 973 below sea level.
The runway length of Andrews County airport (located in Texas and 973 meters above sea level), is 929.0.
Andrews County Airport, Texas is 973.0 below sea level and its runway length is 929.
Texas is located in the United States, and its state capital is Austin. The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, and Texas' capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, U.S. Austin is the capital of Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital and a Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Texas, or Tejano, is the location of Andrews County Airport, with the capital in Austin.
With its capital of Austin, Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where there are Texans.
In Texas, people are called Texans and the capital of Texas is Austin. Andrews Count Airport is located in Texas.
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas where the residents are known as Texans and the state's capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas (whose indigenes are called Texans), United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas (United States) where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the people are called Texans.
The main airport in Texas, USA, is Andrews County. English is the primary language here.
Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas, in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the language spoken is English.
Andrews County airport is located in Texas( which speaks English )but uses Tejano as their demonym.
Spanish is the language spoken in Austin, Texas (in which the Andrews County Airport is located).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital is Austin. Spanish is one language spoken there.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas state, whose capital city is Austin and Spanish is one of the spoken language there.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, in the United States, where Spanish is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the Spanish language is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 3,800 metres.
Located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 metres.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo and is 159 metres above the sea level. Its runway is 3800 feet in length.
Located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4000ft.
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and is 159 m above sea level. Its runway is 4000 feet long.
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo and is 159 metres above sea level with a runway that's 4,000 feet long.
At 159 meters above sea level, Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, in Angola.
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo, Angola and is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and is 159 metres above sea level.
With a runway length of 3800 metres, Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, in Angola.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Angola and its runway length is 3800.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway length of 3800.0.
05L/23R is the name of the runway at Angola International airport in Icolo e Bengo, Angola.
Located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola, Angola International Airport has a runway name 05L/23R.
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo, Angola. Its runway is names 05L/23R.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Angolo, Luanda Province.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda province, Angola.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo,Luanda Province in Angola.
The city of Luanda is served by Angola International Airport. This airport is is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 metres.
Angola International Airport, located 159 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 4000 feet and serves Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium, where the capital is Brussels.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
The Dutch language is spoken in Antwerp, Belgium in which Antwerp International Airport is located.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in Dutch speaking Belgium.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, where French is spoken.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in French speaking Belgium.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium which has French as the official language.
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp, Belgium where the official language is French.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination en Belgium, where they speak french.
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in, German speaking Belgium.
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp, Belgium where German is an official language.
The Antwerp International Airport, Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12.0 meteres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and serves Antwerp city. It is 12 m above sea level.
Antwerp international airport, serving Antwerp, with an elevation of 12 meters is operated by the Flemish government.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp. It is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated and owned by the Flemish Government. It serves the city of Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport which has a runway length of 600.0 is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government.
The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government, has a runway length of 600m and is owned by the Flemish region.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and owned by the Flemish region. It has a runway length of 600.0.
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport, which is 12m a.s.l. and is run by the Flemish Region.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works and owned by the Flemish Region. It is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region, operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and public works, and has an elevelation of 12 meters.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton Wisconsin which is a part of Kimberly and Grand Chute.
Appletone International Airport city serves Appleton, Wisconsin, which is part of Kimberly and Grand Chute.
Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Kimberly Wisconsin, is served by Appleton International Airport and part of the Grand Chute Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin; it is served by Appleton International Airport.
Little Chute is part of Appleton which is served by Appleton International Airport. Appleton is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport, which is located in Greenville, Wisconsin is located at 280 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1982.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin,280 metres above sealevel and its runway is 1.982 km long.
Appleton International Airport located in Greenville, Wisconsin, has an elevation of 280 meters above sea level as well as a runway length of 2,349.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. The runway length is 2439 and the elevation is 280 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Ellington, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Ellington, Wisconsin, United States.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Ellington in the state.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Dale, Wisconsin which is in the United States. It is served by the Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Dale, Wisconsin, located in the U.S.A.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Dale, Wisconsin, United States.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Grand Chute, Wisconsin, USA.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, which is part of Menasha, Wisconsin, USA.
Appleton International Airport is found in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Menasha in the U.S.A.
Appleton International Airport in Greenville Wisconsin, is part of the the Menasha town in Wisconsin, USA.
Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1982.0. It is operated by an organisation in Outgamie County, Wisconsin.
The operators of Appleton International Airport, which has a runway length of 1,982 and is 280 metres above sea level, are in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, which is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway that's 1,982 long, is operated by Outagamie County in Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. It is operated from Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
Outagamie County, Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport which has a runway length of 2439.0 and has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand (which is 34 meters above sea level ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 518.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level, a runway length of 518, and a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae. It is 34 m above sea level and its length is 518 feet.
At the Ardmore airport in New Zealand, the 3rd runway is made from Poaceae which belongs to the flowering plants division and is in the class of Monocotyledon.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants in the class Monocotyledon.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is class as monocotyledon and part of the commelinids order.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the poales order and the class of Monocotyledon.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is a member of the order of Poales and in the class of Monocotyledon.
In New Zealand, the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae, a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the Commelinids order.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the order of Commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Ardmore Airport's 3rd runway is made of Poaceae, a flowering plant belong to the order of the Commelinids.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand, located 34 meters above sea level, has a runway length of 1411.0 and the third runway is made of Poaceae.
Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411. The 3rd runway is surfaced with poaceae.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1411. The airport's third runway surface type is Poaceae.
New Zealand's Ardmore Airport; is 34.0 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 597.0 metres and its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand, located 34 meters above sea level, has a runway length of 597.0 and is made of Poaceae.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 597.0, it is made of Poaceae and is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900.0 metres.
Located in Ashgabat, Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway which is 900 meters long.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat 211 metres above sea level with a 0.9 km long runway.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level, and has a runway that is 2989.0 metres long.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 2989.0 and is located 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway that's 2,989 metres long.
Turkmenistan Airlines is operated by Ashgabat International Airport, whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Turkmenistan Airlines, which has headquarters in Ashgabat, operates Ashgabat International Airport.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, headquartered in Turmenistan and Ashgabat.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines (Turkmenabat airport is their hub), the headquarters of which are located Turkmenistan.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, whose headquarters are in Turkmenistan.
Turkmenistan Airlines headquarter located in Turkmenistan and operates the Ashgabat Airport and its hub airport the Turkmenabat.
Turkmenbashi International Airport is the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines which operates Ashgabat International Airport and has its headquarters located in Turkmenistan.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub is Turkmenbashi International airport and has headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is located in Ashgabat and hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Ashgabat and their hub at Turkmenabat airport.
Located in Ashbat, Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, the hub of which is at Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat and their hub airport at Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is in Greece where Nikos Voutsis is the leader.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Nikos Voutsis is the leader of that country.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where its leader is Nikos Voutsis.
Athens is located in Greece and is served by the Athens International Airport. The leader of Greece is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of that country.
Athens International Airport, serving the city of Athens, Greece has a leader of Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Athens is served by the Athens International Airport located in Spata at 94 metres above sea level.
Athens International Airport is in Sparta, serves the city of Athens, and is 94 metres above sea level.
The Athens International Airport, which is 94 metres above sea level, is found in Sparta and serves the city of Athens.
With a runway length of 3800 metres, Athens International Airport is in Spata, and serves the city of Athens.
Athens International Airport serves Athens but is actually located in Spata. Its runway length is 3800.
Athens International Airport located in Spata, serves the city of Athens. Its runway length is 3,800.
With a runway length of 4000.0 metres, Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens.
Located in Spata and serving the city of Athens, Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000 metres.
Athens International airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. The runway length is 4000.0.
At 23 metres above sea level. Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and is 23 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is 23.0 m above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, U.S.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and is based in New York.
The Atlantic City International Airport in New Jersey is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who have their headquarters in New York.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New York and is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center.
In New York and New Jersey, the Port Authority operates from the Four World Trade Centre. It operates the Atlantic City International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, the USA. Its runway length is 1873.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 1873.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Its runway length is 1873.0.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport., This airport has a runway length of 1873.0 metres and a runway named 13/31.
The 13/31 runway at Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 1873 in length.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organization of Atlantic City International airport. The runway's name is 13/31 and its length is 1873 feet.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway name is 4/22 and the length is 1873.0.
The Atlantic City International Airport is 1873 m and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway name is 4/22.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International Airport. This airport has a runway length of 3048 metres and a runway named "13/31".
The Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the port authority of NY and NJ, has a runway length of 3048.0. and a name of 13/31.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Charles Michel is a leader.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium, whose leader is Charles Michel.
Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport and is a popular tourist destination in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport can be found in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the U.S.A.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township (a township in Atlantic County) , New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses HAL Light Combat Helicopter (aircraft helicopter) and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (a transport aircraft).
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter and the Boeing C17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force, using HAL light combat helicopters and Beoing C-17 globemaster III.
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level and operated by Infraero located in Brasilia.
At 911.0 metres above sea level, Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is in Brasilia.
Infraero, in Brasilia, is served by Afonso Pena Aiport, with an elevation of 911 meters about sea level and is operated by Infraero.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, in the country of Iraq where the Kurdish language is spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq, a country where the Kurdish languages are spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located in Fallujah, a city in Fuad Masum led Iraq.
Fuad Masum leads Iraq where Al Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The country is led by Fuad Masum.
The Al-Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq. The leader of the country is Haider al-Abadi.
Haider Al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Al Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore which is in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader.
Nawaz Sharif is the leader in Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore.
Lahore, Pakistan is led by Nawaz Sharif and is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid which is part of the community of Madrid, Spain.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in the community of Madrid, in Spain.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan, where the city of Lahore, served by Allama Iqbal International Airport, is located.
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport, which is located in Pakistan and led by Mamnoon Hussain.
Lahor, located in Pakistan and led by Mamnoon Hussain, is the home of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan which is where the City of Lahore is. this city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport.
Located in Pakistan (where Sardar Ayaz Sadiqis the leader), the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The country is led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
In the class Monocotyledon, and belonging to the order Poales is Poaceae which is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Poaceae, which is of the order poales and in the class Monocotyledon, is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The 2nd runway at New Zealand's Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae (Order: Poales; Class: Monocotyledon).
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants.
The surface of the first runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae which is part of the monocotyledon class and is a division of flowering plants.
Poaceae, of the Commelinids order, belongs to the division of flowering plants and its the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is of the order Commelinids, a division of flowering plants.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales.
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants order of Poales. The Alderney Airport's first runway was made of this substance.
Poaceae which is of the Poales order belongs to the division of flowering plants, the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae.
Poaceae is of the order Poales and in the division of flowering plants. It is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order Poales.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids.
Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids and the division of flowering plants. It is also the surface type of the second runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand.
Poaceae, a flowering plant, belongs to the order of Commelinids, and is the surface type for the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is in Madrid, Spain.
San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the Madrid Community, Spain is host to the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located n San Sebastián de los Reyes which is lead by the Peoples Party and is part of the community of Madrid.
The People's Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain which is part of the Community of Madrid. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found there.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes,Madrid,where the People's Party is the leading political organization.
Saranac Lake, New York, part of Harriestown, New York, United States, is served by Adirondack Regional Airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown, New York, in the United States.
Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown New York and has an airport called Adirondack Regional airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which like Harrietstown and Essex County is part of new York.
Saranac Lake, New York, is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York and is served by Adirondack Regional Airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown in Essex County, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Saranac Lake Harrietstown, New York United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, New York, in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Essex County, New York, in the United States.
Airondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York, the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York which is part of Essex County in the U.S.A.
Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Region of Denmark which has the capital city of Copenhagen.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region. The capital of the country is Copenhagen.
Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region. The demonym for the people of Denmark is Danes.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup in Denmark. Tirstrup is part of Central Denmark. The people of that country are Danes.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, which is part of the Central Denmark region. Danes is the name given to the people who live in Denmark.
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup, Denmark, which is in the Central Denmark region . Th language of Denmark is German.
Denmark uses the German language and is the location of Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region.
The German language is spoken in Denmark where Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region.
The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tristrup, Denmark, where they speak the Greenlandic language.
Aarhus Airport is located in the Central Denmark region of Tirstrup, Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken?
Tirstrup is located in part of the Central Denmark region. Tirstrup is home to Aarhus Airport; its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Aarhus Airport is located in the city of Tirstrup. Within the central region of Denmark. The leader of Denmark is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region, in Denmark where the language is Dutch.
Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region, is the location of Aarhus airport in Denmark where the language spoken is Danish.
Denmark uses the Danish language and is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup located in the Central Denmark region.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region, in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese.
Tirstrup, the location of Aarhus airport, is located in the Central Denmark region which is part of the country of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region where the Faroese language is spoken.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup. Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region in Margrethe II led Denmark.
Margrethe II is Queen of Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark, where Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup is located in the Central Denmark region.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which is located at 25 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 10L/28R and has a length of 2776.0.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport, which is 25 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10L/28R.
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has an elevation of 25 metres above seal level. It also has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway name, 10R/28L.
Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation, Aarhus Airport is 25.0 metres above the sea level. It has a runway length of 2776.0 and 10R/28L is the runway name.
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, Aarhus Airport is 25 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2776.0 and the runway name, 10L/28R.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which is 25.0 metres above the sea level. It has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway with the name 10L/28R.
Aarhus Airport, which is 25 metres above sea level, is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The runway name is 10R/28L and has a length of 2776.0.
Aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level, is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The runway name is 10R/28L and has a length of 2776.0.
Aarhus Airport is run by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and is 25 metres above sea level. The runway length is 2776 and it is called 10R/28L.
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which is 25 metres above sea level. The runway name is 10L/28R and has a length of 2777.0.
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation. Its runway name is 10L/28R ,is 25 meters above sea level, and 2777 meters long.
Aarhus Airport is 25 meters above sea level with a runway length of 2777 and named 10L/28R. It is operated by Aktieselskab .
Aktieselskab is the operationg organisation for Aarhus Airport(runway name of 10R/28L is 2777.0 meters) is 25 metres aboce sea level.
Aarhus airport is 25 metres above sea level and operated by Aktieselskab. The runway name is 10R/28L and it has a length of 2777.0.
10R/28L is the runway name at Aarhus Airport. It is 2777 meters long with 25 meters above sea level. Aktieselskab operates the airport.
Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 and is 25 metres above sea level. It is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and the runway name is 10L/28R.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which is 25 metres above sea level. The runway length is 2777.0 metres and the runway name is 10L/28R.
Aarhus Airport which is also known as 10L/28R is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and is 25.0 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2777.0.
Abilene Regional airport serves the city of Abilene, part of Taylor County and Jones County, Texas, United States.
Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport. Abilene resides in the counties of Taylor and Jones within the United States.
Abilene regional airport services Abilene, Jones and Taylor County, Texas (United States).
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Texas, a part of Jones County, Texas, in the United States.
Abilene regional airport services Abilene, Jones, County, Texas (United States).
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States.
Abilene, Texas, U.S. (part of Taylor County) is served by the Abilene regional airport.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County in Texas, U.S.
Abilene Regional Airport of Abilene Texas has a runway named 17L/35R with a 1,121 length and it is 546 above sea level.
Abilene Regional Airport is 546 m. above sea level, a runway length of 1121.0 (17L/35R) and serves Abilene, Texas.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene in Texas, has a runway name of 17R/13L with a length of 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17R/35L and has a length of 2194.0.
Abilene Regional Airport which serves the city of Abilene in Texas is 546 metres above sea level. Its runway is 2194.0 long and is named 17R/35L.
Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport whose runway name is 17L/35R. The runway length of that airport is 2,195 and it is 546 meters above sea level.
Abilene Regional Airport served Abilene Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway is called 17L/35R and is 2195 long.
Abilene Regional Airport's runway is named 17L/35R, 2195 in length, 546 metres above sea level and services Abilene, Texas.
Lake Placid, and the city of Saranac Lake, (both in New York) are served by Adirondack Regional Airport. This airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 1,219 metres.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Lake Placid and city of Saranac Lake in New York. It has a runway length of 1219 and is 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1219.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas. ENAIRE is the operating organization for the airport. That organization is located in Madrid, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–BarajasAirport is in Alcobendas and is operated by the company ENAIRE, which is located in Madrid, Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport located in Alcobendas, is operated by ENAIRE. ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid in Spain.
Located at Paracuellos de Jarama, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid, in Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama in the city of Madrid, Spain, the airport is operated by ENAIRE.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama, in Spain. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama, in Spain. ENAIRE, in the city of Madrid, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama located in Spain. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airpor is operated by ENAIRE located in Madrid.
With an elevation of 610 metres above sea level, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama (part of the Madrid community), In Spain.
Paracuellos de Jarama is a community in Madrid, Spain. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama, which is located 610.0 metres above sea level.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is 610 metres above sea level, is in Paracuellos de Jarama. part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas, and operated by ENAIRE, Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport runway name is 14L/32R and its runway length is 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway named 14L/32R is 3500 long. The Airport is operated by ENAIRE.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and its runway name is 14L/32R. The runway length is 3500.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway name of 14R/32L with a length of 3500.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway name of 14R/32L with a length of 3500.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda. It is run by ENAIRE and its runway name is 14R/32L It is 3500 meters long.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 14L/32R with a length of 4100.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway, named 14L/32R is 4100.0 in length.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which is operated by ENAIRE, can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport's runway name is 14L/32R and has a length of 4,100.
Found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway with the length of 4,349 and 14L/32R is the runway name.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 14L/32R and has a length of 4349.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name at the airport is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Madrid has a runway length of 4349 metres. The airport is operated by ENAIRE and has the runway name 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE and located in Madrid, has runway 4349 meters long 14L/32R runway.
Operated by ENAIRE, the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid. It has a runway name 18L/36R and a runway length of 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and has a length of 3500.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway (name: 18L/36R) has a length of 3,500.
Located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and operated by Infraero, Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Operated by Infraero, and serving the city of Curitiba (part of the South Region, Brazil), Afonso Pena International Airport is located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Afonsa Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose do Pinhais, South region Brazil which serves the city of Curitiba and operated by Infraero.
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais, part of the south region of Brazil. Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero.
The location of Afonso Pena International airport which serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero is Sao Jose dos Pinhais in the south region of Brazil.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba and the operating organization is Infraero. The airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais which is part of the south region of Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and serves Curitaba which is part of the state of Parana.It is operated by Infraero.
Curitiba is part of Parana State and is served by Afonsa Pena International airport which is operated by Infraero and located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of Parana state.The airport is operated by Infrareo and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba, in the state of Parana. Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party and is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Curitiba is part of Parana State in the South Region, Brazil and is served by Afonso Pena International airport. It is led by the Democratic Labour Party (Brazil).
Curitiba is part of the state of Parana in South Region, Brazil. It is lead by the Democratic Labour Party (Brazil) and served by Alfonso Pena International Airport.
Infraero is located in Brasilia and operates Afonso Pena International Airport. This airport serves Curitiba which is part of the state of Parana.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba, Parana. Afonso Pena International Airport in Infraero, Brasilia operates there.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba in the state of Parana. Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasilia.
Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais, part of Parana, serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero.
Afonsa Pena International Airport located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais (part of Parana)and serves the city of Curitiba and is operated by Infraero.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais, which is part of the state of Paraná. The airport serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero.
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level. It is located 911 metres above sea level, has a runaway 1800 metres long and a runway with the name, 15/33.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, it's runway name is 15/33 it's length is 1800.0 and is 911 metres above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is 911 metres above sea level. The runway name is 15/33 and it has a length of 1800.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. The operating organization for the International Airport is Infraero. It is 1800 meters long and 911 meters above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhals and is 911 metres above sea level. The runway is 1800 long and the airport is run by Infraero.
The Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infrareo. The airport is situated 911 meters above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais.
Infraero operate Afonso Pena International Airport which is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. it has a runway length of 2215.0 and is 911.0 metres above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero. The airport has a runway length of 2215.0 and is situated 911 metres above sea level.
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais and it is located 911.0 metres above sea level. The runway name is 11/29 and it has a length of 1800.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. 11/29 is the name given to the runway which is 1800 meters long and 911 meters above sea level.
Afonso Pena International airport is in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. It is 911 meters above sea level and its runway(11/29) is 1800 meters long.
Located in São José dos Pinhais, Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea level. It also has a runway with the name 11/29, as well as a runway length of 2215.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is911 metres above sea level. The runway name is 11/29 and it has a length of 2215.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais at 911 metres above sea level. The runway name is 15/33 and it has a length of 2215.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. The runway 15/33 is 2215.0 in length and has an elevation of 911 meters above sea level.
Afonso Pena International Airport, located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, is 911 metres above sea level. Its runway is named is 15/33 and is 2215.0 long.
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh, Bundelkhand. It has the IATA I.D. of AGR.
Agra airport has the location identifier VIAG and is located in Awadh, Uttar Pradesh, Bundelkhand.
Agra airport has the ICAO location identifier VIAG and is in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG.
At 167.94 metres above sea level, Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Awadh) where Ram Naik is the leader.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh, which is the location of Agra airport at an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and is lead by Ram Naik. It is the location of Agra airport situated at 167.94 metres above sea level.
The Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Airports Authority of India. AGR is the ATA Location ID and ICAO is another location identifier for this airport.
Agra Airport is in India and run by the Airports Authority of India. It has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
The IATA I.D for Agra Airport (India) is AGR, while the ICAO is VIAG. Agra is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation of Agra Airport. The airport is located in India where Narendra Modi is the leader.
Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The country's leader is Narendra Modi and the airforce uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts.
Agra airport, located in India, where the leader is T S Thakur, is operated by the Indian air force who deploy the transport aircraft Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Agra airport is located in India, which is owned and operated by the Indian air force. That is where the the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft is located. T S Thakur is the leader of India.
Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as its transport aircraft. India is led by T. S. Shakur.
Agra Airport, with the ICAO location identifier of "VIAG", is located in Uttar Pradesh. The IATA I.D of the airport is AGR and the operating organisation is the Airports Authority of India.
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport, which can be found in Uttar Pradesh. The airport's IATA location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is 'VIAG'.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is ni turn part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand. The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport.
Agra Airport, which is operated by the Airports Authority of India, is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh, Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport, operated by Airports Authority of India, is located in Uttar Pradesh, which includes Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has two type of identifiers, its ATA Location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Uttar Pradesh. Its ATA location identifier is AGR, but the location identifier for the airport is VIAG.
Agra airport is operated by the Indian air force and is located in Uttar Pradesh. The IATA ID for the airport is AGR and the location identifier is VIAG.
Part of Bundelkhand, Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airport. It is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the transport aircraft called the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. The Indian Air Force operates that airport. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force who operates Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh in Awadh.
Agra Airport, is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh. The Indian Air Force operates the Airport and their transport aircraft is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster lll.
The Indian Air Force, who use the transport aircraft Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, operate Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh.
Operated by the Indian Air Force, Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra airport is operated by the Indian air force and is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh where Agra airport is situated. The operating organization for the Airport is the Indian Air Force who deploy the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation for Agra Airport. The airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is lead by Ram Naik.
Agra Airport, operated by the Indian Air Force, is located in Uttar Pradesh . Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh. The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Located in Agra, Agra Airport has the IATA Location Identifier is AGR and its ICAO Location IdentifierVIAG. This airport is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
Agra's airport is Agra Airport it is operated by The Airports Authority of India, AGR is the IATA I.D. and the location identfier is VIAG.
Agra airport, whose location id is VIAG OR IATA is located in Agra. The Airports Authority of India operates it.
The Indian Air Force operate Agra Airport which is in Agra. It has several identifiers such as its ICAO location identifier which is VIAG, or the IATA I.D. which isAGR.
The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport in Agra whose IATA location ID is AGR and ICAO location ID is VIAG.
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport, which is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport is located in Agra and has the ICAO location identifier of 'VIAG'.
At 84 metres above sea level, and with a runway length of 3684.0, Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah and serves the city of Fallujah.
Al-Tazaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah and serves the city of Fallujah. It is at an altitude of 84 metres above sea level and has a runway 3684 metres in length.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Habbaniyah. It is 84 meters above sea level and its length is 3684 m.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah and is located in Habbaniyah. The airbase is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4019.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah and is located in Habbaniyah. Its runway is 4019 long and is 84 meters above sea level.
Al Taqaddum Air Base located in Habbaniyah, serves the city of Fallujah. It is 84.0 metres above sea level. Its runway is 4,019 long.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3078.48.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name at the airport is 08/26 and has a length of 3078.48.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The airport has a runway length of 3078.48 which is named 08/26.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The name of the runway at the Airbase is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3078.48.
The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase which is in the Al Anbar Province in Iraq. The runway's name is 09R/27L and its length is 3078.48 m.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq. Its runway name is 09L/27R and its runway length is 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. It has a runway with the length 3990, and a runway with the name, 09L/27R.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for the Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The runway name of the airbase is called 09L/27R and it is 3,990 long.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3992.88.
The operating organisation of Al Asad airbase in Iraq is the United States Air Force. The runway length is 3993.88 and has the name 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase (located in Iraq) is operated by the United States Air Force. The length of the 08/26 runway is 3,992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which has a runway length of 3990. It is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has the runway name of 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase, located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq, is operated by the United States Air Force. Its runway name is 08/26 and its length 3990.
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province in Iraq and operated by the United States Air Force.The base's runway called 08/26 and 3990 meters long.
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway name of 09L/27R with a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09L/27R and has a length of 3990.
The United States Air force operate Al Asad airbase which is located at Al Anbar Province in Iraq. The base has a runway length of 3990.0 which is named 09L/27R.
located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq, Al Asad Airbase; has a runway length, 3,992.88, a runway name, 08/26, and is operated by the United States Air Force.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3,992.88 and it is called 08/26.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3992.88.
The Lockheed AC-130 (an attack aircraft) and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (aircraft fighter) are both used by the United States Air Force. It was involved in the Invasion of Panama and operates the Al Asad Airbase.
The United States Air Force, which operates Al Asad Airbase, was involved in the Invasion of Panama. It has an aircraft fighter called the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and an attack aircraft called the Lockheed AC-130.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbas and were involved in the invasion of Panama, and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which houses the The Lockheed AC-130 (attack aircraft) and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle ( aircraft fighter). The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the bombing of Libya in 1986. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers and also use the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Fighter Aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. There you can find the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC-130. The USAF fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The United States Air Force, who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, fought battles in the Korean war. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has fought in the Korean War. The USAF attack aircrafts are the Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 U.S. Air Force) Eagle aircraft fighter, may be found on USAF aircraft carriers. The United States Air Force operates Al Asad air base and fought in the Korean War.
The United States Air Force, who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, were involved in the invasion of Panama and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, and use the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. That airforce was involved in the invasion of Panama. The Lockheed AC-130 are found on USAF carriers and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is one aircraft fighter found with the airforce.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought battles in the Korean war. They deploy the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft as well as the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.
The United States Air Force deploy the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the attack aircraft Lockheed AC-130. They fought in the Korean war and currently operate the Al Asad airbase.
The United States Air Force uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft. The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Korean War.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the attack aircaft, the Lockheed AC-130. The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase. The USAF has fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on US aircraft carriers.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom battle and the Korean War. USAF aircraft carry Lockheed AC-130s.
The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama, fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC130 attack aircraft.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and among its carriers the Lockheed AC-130 can be found. The US Air Force fought battles in the Korean War and was involved in the invasion of Panama too.
The United States Air Force (USAF) was involved in The Korean War and Invasion of Panama. The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase, where The Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft is situated.
The Lockheed AC-130, an an attack aircraft is used by the United States Air Force which operates Al Asad airbase. It was also involved in both the Invasion of Panama and Operation Enduring Freedom.
The Lockheed AC-130, a US fighter jet, operates out of Al Asad Airbase, controlled by the United States Air Force. Two USAF operations were the Invasion of Panama and "Operation Enduring Freedom.
The United States Air Force, who operate Al Asad airbase, were involved in the invasion of Panama and in the battles of Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers.
The Lock Heed AC-130 is an attack aircraft of the United states Air force that have been in battles at Genada, bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase.
The United States Air Force, who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase, were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 US bombing of Libya and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft.
The United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought in the bombing of Libya in 1986, and in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Locheed AC-130 attack aircraft.
Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada, fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers.
Al Asad airbase is run by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war, were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft.
The United States Air Force, who operate Al Asad airbase, fought in the Korean war, were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers.
The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase. Lockheed AC-130's can be found on US aircraft carriers. Two noteworthy battles fought by the air force are the Invasion of Grenada and The Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. Aircraft carriers carry the Lockheed AC-130.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and use the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft. Two of their key battles are the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Both the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama involved the United States Air Force. One of their airbases is Al Asad. The USAF also operates aircraft carriers, which use aircraft such as the Lockheed AC-130.
The united States Air Force is the operationg organisation for Al Asad airbase, has been in battles at the invasion of grenada and Panama, and use Lockheed Ac-130.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF was in the invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama. Lockheed AC-130's can be found on USAF aircraft carriers.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid in Spain. It has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. Its is 610 meters above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leader party is the People's Party (Spain).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, community of Madrid, Spain. The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain (led by the Peoples Party), part of the Community of Madrid.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. It has a 1st runway surfaced with poaceae with a length of 497.0.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 meters above sea level. The runway is surfaced with poaceae and has a runway length of 497.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 meters above sea level. The 1st runway, which is made from poaceae is 497.0 in length.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 meters above sea level. The 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport located at a height of 88 metres above sea level. The runway length is 733 and the surface material is poaceae.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. Poaceae is of the order Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids. As well as being part of the class Monocotyledon.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made of poaceae in the order of Poales and Commelinids and in the class of Monocotyledon.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made from asphalt which is 497.0 in length.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport and is 88 metres above sea level. It has a 1st runway with an asphalt surface which is 497.0 in length.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney and its elevation is 88 meters above sea level. The Airport's runway is 497.0 metres long and the 1st one is asphalt surfaced.
Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level and has a length of 733.0. It serves Alderney and its 1st runway is made from Asphalt.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a first runway made of asphalt which is 733.0 in length.
Alderney airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a length of 733.0.
With a runway length of 3310.0, Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan. It serves the city of Lahore and is operated by he Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 3310.0.
Allama lqbal International airport is located in Pakistan has a runway of 3360.12 long is governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3360.12.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Pakistan and serving the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway length of 3360.12.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport which is found in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan. Lahore is served by this airport. A leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Pakistan is home to Punjab and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Pakistan is led by Nawaz Sharif.Punjab, a major region, contains Allama Iqbal International Airport within the city of Lahore.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is found in Punjab, Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Pakistan's leader is Nawaz Sharif.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and found in Punjab, Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which has a runway length of 2900.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore. This airport is in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 3310.0.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.0.
Found in Punjab, Pakistan, and operated by the The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, is Allama Iqbal International Airport. This Airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3360.12.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport runway is 3360.12 in length.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs this airport whose runway is 3360.12 meters.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533 and is 210 metres above sea level. It is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Aplena County Regional Airport lies 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Alpena, Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan at 210 metres above sea level and with a runway length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township and serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. Its runway is 2744 m long and is 210 m above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena Michigan, is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County , Michigan. The Airport has a runway length of 1,533 and is 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena, Michigan, is served by the County Regional Airport. Located in the Wilson Township, the airport has an elevation 210 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1,533.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township,Alpena County Michigan and serves Alpena.The airport is situated 210 metres above sea level and has a 1,533km long runway.
Alpena County Regional airport serves the city of Alpena in Michigan and is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County. It is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves that area. Its runway length is 2744 and it is 210 meters above sea level.
Wilson Township (Alpena County), Michigan, U.S.A., is home to the Alpena County Regional Airport, whose runway length is 1,533. and is located 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and is at an elevation of 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, U.S.A. The airport is 210 meters above sea level and the runway is 1533 long.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and is 2744 metres in length.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, USA. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The runway length is 2744.0 and it is 210 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schuphol which is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. It has a runway length of 2014.0 metres and it has the runway name, 04/22 Oostbaan.
Serving the city of Amsterdam, Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level. It has the runway name, 06/24, Kaagbaan, and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway named 06/24 Kaagbaan is 3800.0 long. The airport is -3.3528 above sea level.
18C/36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which has a runway length of 2014.0. This Airport serves Amsterdam and is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level.
Amsterdam airport, Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam is -3.3528 metres above sea level and has runway 18C/36C Zwamemburgbaan that is 2014.0 long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. The runway is called 18C/36C or Zwanenburgbaan and is 2014 metres long. Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. it serves the city of Amsterdam with a runway length and runway name of 2014.0 meters and 18R/36L Polderbaan respectively.
Amsterdam airport Schipol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a runway that is 2014 metres long and the runway name, 18R/36L Polderbaan.
Andrews County Airport, serving the city of Andrews, Texas, is 973 metres above sea level, and has a runway length of 1773 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews,Texas.The airport is located 973 meters above sea level and has a 1.773 km long runway.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 8.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews.It has an 8.0km long runway and situated 973 meters above sea level.
Andrews County Airport, servicing Andrews, Texas, is 973 below sea level with a runway length of 8 meters.
Andrews County Airport located in Texas, and serving the city of Andrews, has a runway length of 896, and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews, Texas is served by Andrews County Airport which is located 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport, 973 metres above sea level, is located in Texas and serves Andrews, Texas. The airport's runway length is 896.
Andrews County airport is located in Texas, United States, where the people are known as Texans and the capital city is Austin.
Andrews County airport is located in Texas, United States, where the people are called Texans and the state capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin. Texas is part of the United States and the inhabitants are called Texans.
Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport and has the capital of Austin. The local inhabitants are Texans and the language spoken is English.
The people of Texas speak the English language and are called Texans. Their capital is Austin. Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital city is Austin.English is one of the spoken languages in Texas and the state's inhabitants are called Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas (United States), where the Texas demonym is Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Englush speaking Texas, in the United States and where a Tejano is a demonym term used.
Austin, the capital of Texas, is found in the United States.Two Texan tidbits are that Spanish is widely spoken and a major airport is the Andrews County.
The capital of Texas in the USA is Austin. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and it is the location of Andrews County airport.
Texas is located in the United States and has the capital city of Austin. The Spanish language is spoken and the state is the location of Andrews County Airport.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Spanish is spoken and Austin is the capital. It is also where the Texas demonym is Tejano.
Texas, where Spanish is widely spoken, has a capital of Austin.One major Texas airport is Andrews County Airport. A slang term for Texans is Tejano.
The people of Texas are known as Tejano and the Spanish language is spoken. The capital city is Austin and the state is served by Andrews County Airport.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan. One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish and Austin is the capital.
Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport and has the capital city of Austin. The inhabitants of Texas are known as Texans and the Spanish language is spoken.
Texas is home to Andrews County Airport , and hails the capital, Austin. The people are referred to as Texans and spanish is a language spoken.
Andrews County Airport is in Texas, United States, where the spanish language is spoken and the local people are known as Tejano.
Texas, which is the location of Andrews County airport, is located in the United States. The local inhabitants are known as Tejano and the Spanish language is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, U.S. whose citizens are Tejano. Spanish is spoken there.
Andrews County Airport is located in Houston, Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas in which Spanish is the official language.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where Houston is the largest city and the Spanish language is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in (Spanish speaking) Houston, Texas, United States.
Located in Ícolo e Bengo, with an elevation of 159 meters above sea level, is Angola International Airport. It serves the city of Luanda and has a runway that is 3800 long.
Luanda is served by Angola International Airport located in Icole e Bengo. The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.
Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 4000, serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which serves Luanda. The runway length is 4000.0 and 159 meters above sea level.
Angola International Airport, located in Ícolo e Bengo and serving Luanda, is 4000 in length and 159 meters above sea level.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, serves Luanda which is located in Angola and is part of Luanda Province.
Angola International airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
The Angola International Airport serving Luanda in Angola is located at Ícolo e Bengo. lcolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province.
At 159 metres above the sea level, with a runway name 05L/23R and a runway length of 4000.0, Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo.
Angola International Airport, which is located at Ícolo e Bengo is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05L/23R with a length of 4000.0.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and located in Icolo e Bengo. The runway is called "05L/23R" and has a length of 4000 feet.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and is located in Ícolo e Bengo. It has a runway called South Runway and has a runway length of 4000ft.
The Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo and is 159 m above sea level. The runway's name is South Runway and it is 4000 feet long.
Angola International airport, located in Icolo e Bengo, is 159 metres above sea level, has a runway named "South Runway", which is 4000.0 in length.
With a runway length of 3800.0, Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo which is in the Luanda Province, in Angola.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It has a runway 3800 long.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which is part of Luanda Province. The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3,800.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000 ft.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and has a runway length of 4000.
Angola International airport which has a runway length of 4000 feet is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province, Angola.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and has a runway called "05L/23R".
Angola International airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola, and has the runway name of 05L/23R.
Angola International Airport , with a runway named 05L/23R, is located at Ícolo e Bengo, which is in the Luanda Province of Angola.
Angola International Airport, has a runway named South Runway, and is located at Ícolo e Bengo. Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province, in Angola.
Icolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province, Angola and is the location of Angola International airport where the runway is known as "south runway".
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, which is in the Luanda Province of Angola. "South Runway" is a runway name at this airport.
In Belgium, Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport. Flemish Government has jurisdiction over and leads the Flemish Region.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The Flemish region is led by the Flemish Government which has jurisdiction there.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp located in Belgium. The Flemish region is led by the Flemish government.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government in the Flemish Region it is 12 metres above sea level and serves Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government. It serves the city of Antwerp and is located at 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport, which serves Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level, is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government. It is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1510.0.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. The airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1500 metres.
Antwerp International airport, operated by Flemish Government and owned by the Flemish Region, has a runway length of 1510.0 and is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport, located in the Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. The airport serves the city of Antwerp and is located 12 metres above sea level.
At 280 metres above sea level, and with a runaway length of 1,982, Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton and is in Greenville, Wisconsin.
Appleton in Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport which has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level. It is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a runway length of 1982.
Appletone International Airport can be found in Greenvile, Wisconsin and also serves Appleton. It is elevated 280 metres above sea level and the runway is 1,982 metres long.
Located in Greenville, Wisconsin, Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1,982 and 12/30 is the runway name.
Found in Greenville, Wisconsin, Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1,982 and 12/30 is the runway name.
Appleton International Airport, with a runway length of 1,982, can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin. The runway name is 12/30 and it is 280 metres above sea level.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Dale, Wisconsin and Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin. Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin and can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin.
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville,Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Dale,Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Grand Chute,Wisconsin.
The Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. Appletonmis part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Dale, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is located in Wisconsin where Appleton is part of greenville,little chute and serves appleton.
Appleton (part of which is known as Little Chute) is served by Appleton International airport which is located in Greenville (part of which is known as Ellington), Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville (part of Ellington), Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton (part of Grand Chute), Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, part of Ellington, Wisconsin, and serves the city of Appleton which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville,Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. Greenville is part of Ellington,Wisconsin. Appleton belongs to Grand Chute,Wisconsin.
Greenville, where Appleton International airport (serving Appleton in Wisconsin) is located, is part of Ellington and Dale, Wisconsin.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, which is part of Ellington, Greenville, and Dale.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin, services the Appleton, Ellington and Dale areas.
Part of both Ellington, and the town of Menasha, Appleton, Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport.
Greenville, Wisconsin, a part of Ellington and the town of Menasha, is home to the Appleton International Airport. The city of Appleton, Wisconsin, is served by the Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville, Wisconsin. Both Ellington and Menasha (town) are parts of Greenville.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Grand Chute. Appleton (Kimberly) is a Wisconsin city that houses the Appleton International Airport.
Greenville is in Grand Chute Wisconsin and is the location of Appleton International Airport. The airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport(Appleton) is located in Greenville which is in Grand Chute and part of Dale, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is in Greensville, Grand Chute, Dale Wisconsin, and serves Appleton Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville (WI), services Appleton, Grand Chute and Dale, Wisconsin.
Greenville is in Grand Chute, and is a part of Ellington, Wisconsin. It is the location of Appleton International airport which serves the city of Appleton.
Appleton International Airport(serving Appleton) is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute and Ellington, Wisconsin.
The Appleton International Airport is located in and services Greenville, Wisconsin. Grand Chute and Ellington are part of Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin and is in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Menasha & Kimbery, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, which can be found in Greenville, Menasha, Wisconsin, serves Appleton. Appleton is part of Kimberley , Wisconsin .
Appleton (part of Kimberly, Wisconsin) is served by Appleton International Airport located in Greenville (part of Menasha) Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton (part of which is Little Chute) and is located in Greenville (part of the town of Menasha), Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville (part of the town of Menasha) Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton (part of Little Chute) Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport(serving Appleton) can be found in Greenville, part of the town of Menasha, in Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin is a city served by Appleton International airport in Greenville. Greenville is part of Menasha (town) and Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville, Wisconsin. Both Grand Chute and Menasha are parts of Greenville.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is in Grand Chute, Wisconsin. The airport serves the city of Appleton and its location is part of the town of Menasha, Wisconsin.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The name of the runway is 03L/21R and has a length of 518.0.
The surface of the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is poaceae and is 34 meters above sea level. The runway name is 03L/21R and the length is 518.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 518. The name of the runway is 03L/21R and is made of Poaceae.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 metres above sea level. The runway name is 07/25 and has a length of 518.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae which is 518.0 in length and has the name 07/25.
Ardmore Airport,New Zealand is elevated 34.0 meters above sea level and its 3rd runway is made of poaceae. The runway name of the airport is 07/25 and it's 518.0 meters long.
Ardmore Airport(New Zealand)'s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae (division of flowering plants).Poaceae is placed in the order of Commelinids and classified as Monocotyledon.
Ardmore Airport's (New Zealand) 3rd runway is made of Poaceae (Class: Monocotyledon; flowering plant Order: Commelinids).
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae. This plant is in the class Monocotyledon as well as belonging to the division of flowering plants and being part of the Poales order.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae. This plant; belongs to the division of flowering plants, is of the Poales order and is in the Monocotyledon class.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport(New Zealand is made of a flowering plant called Poaceae(Poales,Commelinids).
Ardmore Airport, located in New Zealand, uses Poaceae as its third runway surface type. Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids, a division of flowering plants.
Ardmore airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae which is a member of the order of poales and commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway name is 03L/21R and is 1411.0 in length.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and a runway length of 1411. It is 34 metres above sea level and a runway name of 03L/21R.
The 3rd runway (03L/21R) at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made of Poaceae. It is 34 meters above sea level and 1411 long.
Ardmore Airport, at 34 metres above sea level, is in New Zealand and has a runway name of 03R/21L with a length of 1411 and a surface type of poaceae .
The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called "03R/21L". It is 1411 in length and 34 meters above sea level. The third runway there is made of Poaceae.
O3R/21L is a runway at Ardmore Airport, New Zealand. The airport is 34 meters above sea level with a runway length of 1411. The 3rd runway is made with Poacea.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport, which is 34 metres above sea level in New Zealand, is 07/25, its length is 1411.0 and the surface is made of poaceae.
Ardmore airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae. The length of the runway is 1411 and its name is 07/25.
The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand's runway length is 1411. Its runway name is 07/25 and is 34 meters above sea level. The surface of the third one is made with Poaceae.
New Zealand's Adrmore Airport has a runway length of 597 metres and is 34 meters above sea level. Its 3rd runway surface is consists of Poaceae and its runway name is 03L/21R.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 meters above sea level. Its 3rd runway has the surface type of poaceae and is 597.0 in length with the name 03L/21R.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway name is 03L/21R and it has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport located in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, it's runway is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900.0.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat, is called Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport is 211 metres above sea level and the runway length is 900 metres.
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines.The airport is situated 211 meters above sea level and has a 0.9 km long runway.
Ashgabat International Airport located in Ashgabat has a runway of length 2989.0 meters. The airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level.
Turkmenistan airlines are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0 metres.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is Turkmenistan Airlines. The runway length is 2989.0 and the airport is 211 metres above sea level.
Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. It is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Turkmenistan airlines have headquarters in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan and are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International airport that has a runway length of 900.0.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. They operate Ashgabat International airport which has a runway length of 900.0.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan Airlines whose HQ is in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. The runway length at the airport is 3800.0.
Ashgabat International Airports has a runway length of 3800. It is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who are located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Ashgabat International Airport has 3800.00 meters long runway and operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines.The headquarters of the Airlines is placed in Ashgabat,Turkmenistan.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, the headquarters of which are in Ashgabat, in Turkmenistan. The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines and is in Turkmenistan. The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport which is in Ashgabat.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. They are the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport and have a hub at Turkmenabat airport.
Athens International airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
Athens International Airport services Athens, Greece; led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece where two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Two leaders in that country are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are Greek leaders.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece where two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis.
Athens is in Greece and is served by Athens International Airport. The country is lead by Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, the country where there are leaders called Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis.
At 94 metres above sea level, with a runway length of 4000.0, Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens.
Located in Spata, and serving the city of Athens, Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0.
Athens International Airport, located in Spata, serves the city of Athens. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and is elevated 94 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States is lead by Don Guardian and served by Atlantic City International airport in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City, , which is served by Atlantic City International airport located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, USA, the Egg Harbor Township,New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, the airport is 23.0 above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, Atlantic County, United States and is 23 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States and is 23 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International Airport. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, USA.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International airport. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has its headquarters in New York, operates Atlantic City International airport. This airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States. The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, an organisation based in New York.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has headquarters in New York. It is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airportis 23 metres above sea level, operated by the port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and has a runway names 13/31 which is 1873 meters long.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is 23 metres above sea level. The runway,13/31, is 1873 long.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 13/31 and is 1873.0 in length.
Operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level. it has the runway name 4/22 and the runway length, 1,873.
The Atlantic City International Airport (runway name 4/22), is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and is located 23.0 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 1873.
Operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Atlantic City International Airport's runway name is 13/31. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and is 23 metres above sea level.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 13/31 is the name of the runway and it is 23 meters above sea level. Its length is 3048.
Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level and is run by The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The runway is 3048 long and is called 13/31/.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 3048.0.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and its length is 3048.0.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway name is 4/22, is 23 meters above sea level and is 3048 long.
Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium the local language is Dutch and it's leader is Charles Michel, the airport in Antwerp is Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp International Airport covers the city of Antwerp. Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium. A leader there is Charles Michel and Dutch is the language spoken there.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the French language is spoken. Antwerp in the country is served by Antwerp International airport.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the French language is spoken. Antwerp, which is a popular tourist destination in the country, is served by Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp is in Belgium and is served by Antwerp International airport. The country is lead by Charles Michel and the spoken language is French.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, in Belgiun, where two oft he leaders are Charles Michel and Phillipe of Belgium.
Belgium is lead by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium. Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in the country and is served by Antwerp International Airport.
Two leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Phillipe. The Antwerp International Airport located in Antwerp, Belgium serves this region.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium. Where the Dutch is the language and the is Philippe of Belgium.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium which is lead by Philippe of Belgium. Antwerp, in Belgium is served by Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp in Belgium is served by Antwerp International airport. Philippe is the leader in Belgium and Dutch is the language spoken in that country.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where one of the languages is German. it is also where the city of Antwerp is, which is served by Antwerp International Airport.
The leader of Belgium is Phillipe of Belgium. Antwerp International Airport located there serves Antwerp. German is spoken there.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport (located at San Sebastian de los Reyes) is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid, in Spain.
ENAIRE, which is located in the city of Madrid, operate Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes in Spain which is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid.
Operated by ENAIRE (Madrid, Spain), the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
ENAIRE is located in Madrid, which, in turn, is a city in Spain.It operates Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport,which is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes. ENAIRE is located in Madrid,Spain.
Egg Harbor Township, NJ United States is the home of Atlantic City International Airport 23.0 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, N.J. in the United States and is 23 metres above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport, located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey (U.S.), is 23.0 meters above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States and part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township part of Atlantic County, N.J. in the U.S.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, which is part of New Jersey in the United States. The Egg Harbor Township,New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
With its headquarters in the Four World Trade Center, The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport. This airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International airport located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre. The airport can be found at Egg Harbor Township, which is part of New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey based in New York.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has their HQ in New York, is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport, located in Egg Harbor Township, N.J., is operated by (New York based) The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Located in New Jersey, in the United States, is Egg Harbor Township where the Atlantic City International Airport is. This airport has a runway length of 1873.0 metres.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States is the location of Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length pf 1873.0.
Adirondack Regional airport serves the cities of both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake (Harrietstown) New York, United States.
Lake Placid and Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown, New York) are served by Adirondack Regional Airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown, New York, United States. The airport also serves the city of Lake Placid, N.Y.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown in New York, in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lakewhich is in Harrietstown, New York.
As well as having an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter, the Indian Air Force, operate Agra Airpori. This airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Bundelkhand which is oprated by Indian Air Force who uses Hal Light Combat Helicopers.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh part of Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there.
Afonso Pena International Airport is 911.0 metres above sea level and has a runway that is 1800 meters long. It is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
Afonso Pena International Airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway 1800 meters long. It is operated by Infraero located in Brasilia.
Infraero, located in Brasilia, runs the Afonso Pena International airport which is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, Brasilia. The airport is 911 meters above sea level and its runway length 2215.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Brasilia. The Airport is elevated 911 meters above sea level and the runway length is 2215.0. The Afonso Pena International Airport is also known as Infraero.
Brasilia based Infraero are the operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport. It is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2215.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Falluja located in Iraq where Fuad Masum is leader and they speak Arabic.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Fuad Masum leads that country where Arabic is the spoken language.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq. Fuad Masam is the leader of Iraq, where the language spoken is Arabic.
The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi and they speak Arabic. Fallujah which is located in Iraq is served by the Al-Taqaddum air base.
Fallujah is served by the Al Taqaddum air base and is located in Iraq which is lead by Haider Al Abadi and the Arabic language is spoken and.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq. Haider Al-Abadi is a leader in Iraq whose language is Arabic.
In Iraq there are two leaders: Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Madum. Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al-Taqaddum.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq. Two leaders of Iraq are Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq, the country where there are leaders called Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Lahore is a city in Pakistan. The city of Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore in Punjab Pakistan whree the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Nawaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore.
The city of Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airport. Pakistan's leader is Nawaz Sharif and the airport is located in the Punjab region of the country.
Pakistan has the leader Nawaz Shiraf and is the country where you will find the city of Lahore, which is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is located in Punjab.
At an elevation of 610 metres above sea level, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Madrid (part of the Madrid community), in Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport, at 610 metres above sea level, is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport in Madrid has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level. Madrid is part of the community of Madrid and located in Spain.
Madrid is a city in Spain, in which the Adolfo Suarez Maadrid-Barajas airport is located. The leading part in Madrid is called Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leading party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab, Pakistan which is lead by Mamnoon Hussain.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab.
Allama Iqbal International Airport (serving Lahore) is found in Punjab, Pakistan. Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan.
Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan which is where the city of Lahore is. This city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where the the city of Lahore is . This city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport, serving the city of Lahore is situated in Punjab.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves Lahore, Pakistan. The leader of that country is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. The countr is led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
A member of the Monocotyledon class, as well as being in the division of flowering plants and belonging to the Poales order, Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Poaceae (monocotyledon and Polales) are flowering plants that are the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Poaceae is of the Poales order, and Monocotyledon class. It belongs to the flowering plants and the runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made from Poaceae.
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class Monocotyledon. Alderney airport is made from Poaceae.
The first runway surface at Alderney airport is poaceae, which is a member of the Poales order, and in the class Monocotyledon.
Poaceae, which is the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport, belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order poales and the class Monocotyledon.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae, a flowering plant of the Poales or Commelinids order.
Alderney Airport's first runway is made from Poaceae, a flowering plant of the Poales order, which is also the order of Commelinids.
Poaceaea, which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the orders of poales and commelinids constitutes the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakistan where the leader is Shehbaz Sharif.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan, where the leader is Shehbaz Sharif.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab, Pakistan. It serves the city of Lahore. The leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif.
Lohore is a city in Pakistan. it is served by Allama Iqbal international airport, located in Punjab Pakistan and the leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif.
Located in Shehbaz Sharif led, Pakistan, the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport which is found in Punjab, Pakistan.
Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan, where the Allama Iqbal International airport is located and serves the city of Lahore.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is 610 metres above sea level is in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain and is part of the Community of Madrid.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid, in Spain. It is where the Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located and is lead by the People's Party.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes, in Spain. The People's Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes and area considered to be part of the Community of Madrid.
The People's Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes (Spain) which is part of the Community of Madrid and is where Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, and also Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown) in New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown, New York in the USA, and also Lake Placid, New York.
Both the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown, in New York, United States, are served by Adirondack Regional Airport.
In New York (United States), both Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown) are served by the Adirondack Regional Airport.
Lake Placid, New York, and Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown in New York, United States are served by Adirondack Regional airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake (Harrietsown) and Lake Placid, both in New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York, and also Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Lake Placid, ew York and Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown, New York) are served by Adirondack Regional airport.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Harrietstown, New York. Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York, which is part of Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Saranac Lake, which is served by Adirondack Regional Airport, is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, US.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lake, New York. It is part of Harrietstow, Essex County in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Essex County and part of Harrietstown, both of New York, United States.
Aarhus, Denmark is served by Aarhus airport operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S which is 25 metres above sea level. The runway name is 10L/28R and has a length of 2702.0.
The city of Aarhus in Denmark is served by an airport callled Aarhus Airport operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. Runway 10L/28R is the longest runway there at a length of 2702 and is 25m above sea level.
Aarhus Airport in Denmark is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and is elevated 25 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway named 10L/28R which is 2702 metres long.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport located at 25 metres above sea level in Aarhus, Denmark. The airport runway, named 10R/38L has a length of 2702.0.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and serves the city of Aaarhus.The airport is situated 25 meters above sea level and its 2702.0 long runway is called 10R/28L.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the German language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, which is part of the Central Denmark region. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark, where German is the language spoken.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, which is part of the Central Denmark region. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark, where the language spoken is German.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the German language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, in the country of Denmark. It is part of the Central Denmark region. German is the language spoken there and the country is led by Margrethe II if Denmark.
Aarhus Airoprt is located in Tirstrup, Central Denmark, Denmark (German speaking), led by Margrethe II of Denmark.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup, Denmark. Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region and the country is lead by Lars Løkke Rasmussen. Greenlandic is spoken in that country.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandic. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup in the Central Region of Denmark.Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and Danish is the local language.
The leader of Denmark is called Lars Lokke Rasmussen and in Denmark they speak the Faroese language. Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region and Aarhus Airport is located there.
The location of Aarhus Airort is Tirstrup, which is in Denmark. Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region. Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the language of the country is Faroese.
Margrethe II and Lars Lokke Rasmussen lead the country of Denmark which is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Central Denmark is served by Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup. Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Ramussen and Margrethe II.
In Tirstrup, Denmark, there is an airport call Aarhus Airport. It's in the central region of Denmark, which is led` by Margrethe II and Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup, part of the central region of Denmark where the Danish is the language and Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Danish language is used. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Danish language is spoken. Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region is the location of Aarhus airport.
Aarhus airport, which serves Aarhus in Denmark, is located 25 metres above sea level and is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation. The runway name at Aarhus Airport is "10R/28L" and is 2776.0 long.
Aarhus Airport, which serves the city of Aarhus in Denmark, has a runway length of 2,776 and is named 10R/28L. Aktieselskab operates the airport which is 25 metres above sea level.
The Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus,Denmark and is operated by Aktielskab. It is situated 25.0 meters above sea level. The airport has a runway called 10R/28L which is 2776.0 meters long.
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, the Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus in Denmark and is 25 metres above the sea level. The airport has a runway named 10L.28R which is 2776.0 metres in length.
Aarhus Airport, which is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, serves the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The airport is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2,776 and is named 10L/28R.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which is located 25 metres above sea level. The runway name, which is 2776.0 in length, is 10R/28L.
Aarhus Airport in Denmark is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The airport lies 25 metres above sea level and has a runway named 10R/28L which is 2776.0 metres long.
The Aarhus, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, is the airport of Aarhus, Denmark. It is 25.0 metres above sea level. The runway, named 10R/28L, is 2776.0 metres long.
Aarhus Airport in Denmark has a runway named 10L/28R which is 2777.0 metres long. The airport, which lies 25 metres above sea level, is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus, Denmark and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The airport lies 25 metres above sea level and has a runway named 10L/28R which is 2777 metres long.
Aarhus airport services the city of Aarhus, Denmark and operated by Aarhus Lufthaven A/S. The airport is 25 meters above sea level and the 10L/28R runway is 2777.0 in length.
Aarhus airport is located at 25 metres above sea level and operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, The runway length is 2777.0 and is named 10R/28L.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport located in Aarhus, Denmark. It's runway length is 2777.0 and is 25.0 metres above sea level, the runway is named 10R/28L.
Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus, Denmark, and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The airport is 25 meters above sea level, measuring 2777.0 in length, dubbed 10R/28L.
With a runway length of 1121.0 Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas. Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States.
Abilene, Jones county, Texas in the U.S. is served by the Abilene regional airport. The runway is 1121m long.
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States.
Abilene, part of Taylor County, Texas is part of Texas and is served by Abilene regional airport. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0.
With a runway length of 1121.0, Abilene regional airport serves Abilene part of Taylor County, Texas, in the United States.
Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States is served by the Abilene regional airport. The runway length of the airport is 1,121.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas which is part of the U.S. in Taylor County. The airport has a runway length of 2,194.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , part of Taylor County in Texas, United States and has a runway length of 2194.0.
Abilene Regional Airport which is part of Taylor County, Texas in the U.S.A., serves the city of Abilene. It has a runway length of 2,194.
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Taylor County, Texas in the United States and has a runway length of 2195.0.
The U.S.A.'s Abilene Regional Airport, which is part of Taylor County in Texas, serves the city of Abilene. The runway at the airport is 2,195 long.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas which is part of the U.S.A. and is included in Taylor County. The airport's runway length is 2,195.
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and is named 17L/35R. The airport serves Abilene in Texas, has the ICAO location identifier of KABI and is 546 metres above sea level.
Abilene, Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport, which lies 546 metres above sea level. The ICAO location identifier of the airport is KABI and the runaway named 17L/35R has a length of 1,121.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI. It is L/situated meters above sea level. The runway - 17L/35R, has a total length of 1,121.
Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level. The airport has the ICAO Location Identifier, KABI, as well as having the runway name 17R/35L. One of the runways is 1121.0 metres long.
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport which is 546 metres above sea level. The airport has the runway name, 17R/35L, runway length of 1,121 and serves Abilene, Texas.
The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene,Texas and is situated 546 meters above sea level and its ICAO location identifier is KABI. The name of the airport's runway is 17R/35L and it is 1121.0 meters long.
With a runway length of 1,121, Abilene regional airport serves Abilene (part of both Taylor County and Jones County), Texas in the United States.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Taylor county and also Jones county, Texas, USA. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0.
The city of Abilene, in Texas, is served by Abilene Regional Airport. The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway length of 2,195. It also has the runway name 17L/35R and the ICAO Location Identifier is KABI.
Abilene Regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves Abilene in Texas. It has the ICAO location identifier of KABI. the runway length is 2195 and has the name 17L/35R.
Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport, which is located 546 meters above sea level. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI. Abilene airport's runway - 17L/35R - measures a length of 2195.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport; is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1219.0. Located in Harrietstown, New York, it serves both the city of Saranac Lake and city of Lake Placid, New York.
Located in Harrietstown, New York, Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1,219. It serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, in New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lake. It is located in Harrietstown, New York and has a runway length of 1219.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport, located in Harrietstown, New York, serves Lake Placid, NY and Saranac Lake, NY. The length of the runway at this airport is 2003.0 and it lies 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York and serves both the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake. The airport is 507 meters above sea level and the length of its runway is 2003.0.
ENAIRE, in the city of Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain, is the operator of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Paracuellos de Jarama.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Paracuellos de Jarama is operated by ENAIRE and is found in Madrid, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama. The airport is operated by ENAIRE, who are located in Madrid, Spain. Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is in Madrid, Spain and serves Madrid. The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3,500.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barejas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama in Madrid, Spain. The airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway is 3500 m long.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama, which is part of the community in Madrid, Spain. The airport is elevated 610 meters above sea level and it has a runway which measures 3,500.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE from the city of Madrid and is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of the Madrid Community in Spain.The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas, and operated by ENAIRE. The runway, named 14L/32R has a length of 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport has an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea level and has a 3,5 km long runway called 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is situated 610 meters above sea level and its 3,500 meters long runway is called 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport, which is operated by ENAIRE, is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport is 610 metres above sea level, has a runway name of 14R/32L and a length of 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is locaed in Madrid,Paracuellos de Jarama,San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas.The airport has an elevation 610.0 meters above sea level and operated by ENAIRE. The airport has a runway called 14R/32L and is 3,500 long.
Operated by ENAIRE, and located in Madrid, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level. The airport has the runway name 14L/32R and the runway length of 3500.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3,500 and has the name 14L/32R. It is located at 610 metres above sea level in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIRE. The airport is 610m above sea level and the length of the runway is 3500m The runway is known as 14L/32R.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway is named 14L/32R and is 4349 metres long.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is run by ENAIRE and its runway is 4349 m long and the airport 610 m above sea level. The airport's name is 14L/32R.
Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas, are serves by Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport. The runway length is 4349m and is 610m above sea level. The runway is named 14L/32R and is operated by ENAIRE.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by the ENAIRE organization. The airports's runway name is 18L/36R and its length is 3500 m. It is 610 m above sea level.
ENAIRE are the operators of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport lies 610 metres above sea level, with a runway named 18L/36R, which has a length of 3500.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway, which is 3500 in length, is named 18L/36R.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, and is 610 metres above sea level. It has a runway named 18L/36 R, stretching to 3500 in length. ENAIRE is the airports operation organisation.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and located 610 metres above sea level at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is elevated 610 meters above sea level, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. ENAIRE is the operating organization of the airport. The runway, which measures 3500.0 is named 18R/36L.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE. The airport has an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea levle. 18R/36L is the name of the runway and it measures a length of 3,500.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba in the state of Paraná, Brazil. Curitiba is part of the South Region and is led by the Democratic Labour party.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba in Brazil. Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party, is found in the south region and is part of the state of Parana.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba in the Parana State which is the South Region of Brazil. Curitiba is led by the Brazilian Democratic Labour Party.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba (part of Parana) and is in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil. The operating organization for the International Airport is Infraero.
Curitiba, part of Parana state, is served by Afonso Pena International airport. The airport is operated by Infraero and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, part of the south region of Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais serves Curitiba, which is part of Parana state. São José dos Pinhais is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais, in the south region of Brazil. It is operated by Infraero and serves Curitiba in the State of Paraná.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia. the airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the State of Paraná located in the South Region of Brazil the country.
The operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero,which is located in Brasilia.The Airport serves Curitiba which is part of Parana State in the South Region of Brasil.
Afonso Pena International Airport, located in São José dos Pinhais (part of Parana), is operated by Infraero. the airport serves Curitiba, which is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Afonsa Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region, Brazil. This airport is operated by Infraero and is located in São José dos Pinhais which is part of the state Paraná.
Afonso Pena International Airport, which is operated by Infraero is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and serves Curitiba in Parana state. Curitiba is part of the South Region of Brazil.
In the state of Paraná, Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region, Brazil and is where Afonso Pena International Airport is located. The airport serves the city of Curitiba and is operated by Infraero.
Afonsa Pena International Airport in San Jose Dos Pinhais serves the city of Curitiba. Sao Jose is part of Parana and in the south region of Brazil. The airport is operated by Infraero.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and operated by Infraero.Sao Jose dos Pinhais belongs to the South Region in Brasil and the airport serves the city of Curitiba,Parana state.
Afonso Pena International Airport, with the ICAO location identifier of SBCT, is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and lies 911 metres above sea level. The runway at the airport is named 11/29 and is 1800 metres long.
Afonso Pena International Airport, with the ICAO location identifier of SBCT, is located in São José dos Pinhais and lies 911 metres above sea level. The airport's runway name is 11/29 and it has a length of 1800.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais is 911 metres above sea level. Its runway is 1,800 metres long, is named 15/33 and SBCT is the name of the airport's ICAO location identifier.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located 911 meters above sea level in Sao Jose Jos Pinhais. and has the ICAO location identifier SBCT. The runway, which is 1800.0 in length, is named 15/33.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais. Its ICAO ID location is SBCT and the runway name is 15/33. The airport is 911 m above sea level and the runway is 1800 m long.
The location of Afonso Pena International ( ICAO code SBCT) airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais. The runway 11/29 has a length of 2215m and is 911m a.s.l.
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais. It has the following details:- length of runway 11/29 is 2215m, is 911m a.s.l. and the ICAO location ID is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway named 11/29 that is 2,215 in length. The airport's ICAO location identifier is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway name of 15/33 which has a length of 2215.0 . It is located 911 metres above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and has the ICAO location identifier of SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and its ICAO identifier is SBCT. The airport is situated 911 meters above sea level and has a 2,215 km long runway called 15/33.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand, where Agra Airport with the IATA ID of AGR is located.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra airport which has the IATA location identifier of AGR.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and its IATA I.D. is AGR. Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and is lead by Ram Naik.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand, which is the location of Agra airport at 167.94 metres above sea level.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra Airport at 167.94 metres above sea level.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Bundelkhand and Awadh. The airport is 167.94 m above sea level. The leader of Uttar Pardesh is Ram Naik.
Agra Airport is in India and operated by Airports Authority of India. Its ICAO Location ID is VIAG. The airport is 167.94 m above sea level and its runway 1818 m long.
The length of the runway at Agra Airport in India, which lies 167.94 metres above sea level, is 1818.0. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and it is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
Agra Airport, operated by the Indian Air Force, is in India. Two of the leaders of which are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi. The Indain Air Force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as their transport aircaft.
In India, there are two prominent leaders, Narendra Modi and T S Thakur. Agra airport is one of India's Airport operated by the Indian Air Force. the Indian Air Force official carrier is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Agra Airport is in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. One transport aircraft there is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. Two leaders in india are Narendra Modi and T.S. Thakur.
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand. Also in Uttar Pradesh is Agra Airport which is operated by the Airports Authority of India.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and run by the Airports Authority of India. Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and Ram Naik is the leader there.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh(leader Ram Naik) and operated by the Airports Authority of India.Uttar Pradesh state is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand.
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG. The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length.
Agra Airport, in Uttar Pradesh, is operated by the Indian Air Force and lies 167.94 metres above sea level. The runway has a length of 1818.0 and the airport's ICAO locationa identifier is VIAG.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and Awadh. Its runway is 2743 m. long. The leader in Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport has a runway which measures 2743.0 and the leader of Uttar Pradesh is called Ram Naik.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (part of Bundelkhand and Awadh)and operated by the Indian Air Force. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport plane found there.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is run by the Indian Air Force. Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in that Air Force.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and part of Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force whose transport aircraft is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is the transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force which operates the Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh (part of Awadh), where the leader is Ram Naik.
The Indian air force is the operating organisation of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh (lead by Ram Naik) which is part of Awadh. They deploy the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader and is part of Awadh. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as one of its transport planes.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik and the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. In Uttar Pradesh is Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force. The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian air force who use the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and the location of Agra Airport. The Indian Air Force, who operate the airport, us the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Located in Agra, at 167.94 metres above sea level and operated by the Indian Air Force, is Agra Airport. It has a runway with the length of 1818, and has the location identifier, VIAG.
Agra airport is located in Agra and operated by the Indian Air Force. Its ICAO location id is VIAG and is 167.94 m above sea level and its runway is 1818 long.
Agra airport is located in Agra and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It is elevated 167.94 meters above sea level and its runway has a length of 1818. The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG.
The Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the USAF. The runway name is 09L/27R, is 3,990 long and ORAA is the airbase's ICAO location identifier.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. The airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA, a runway name of 09L/27R and a runway length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA. The airport's runway is named 09L/27R and it has a length of 3,990.
The United States Air Force operates Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The airport has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA, and a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA. The airport runway is named 08/26 and is 3992.88 in length.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA. The runway name at the airbase is 09L/27R and it has a length of 3,992.88.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA. The airport runway name is 09L/27R and it has a length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. ORAA is the ICAO location identifier for the airbase.Al Asad airbase's runway name is "09L/27R" and it is 3992.88 meters long.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is in Iraq. The airbase has the ICAO Location Identifier, ORAA and has a runway length of 3992.88. The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R/27L.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq.The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and has a 3,992.88 meters long airway called 09R/27L.
Al Asad Airbase, In Iraq, is operated by the United States Air Force. The airbase's ICAO location identifier is ORAA, the runway name is 09R/27L and the runway length is 3992.88.
Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province of Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. The Airbase is 08/26 which is 3990.0 long, The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA.
In Al Anbar Province, Iraq, there is an Airbase called Al Asad Airbase. It's ICAO location identifies is ORAA, and it is operated by the United States Air Force. It is has a runway with a length of 3,990.
Th United State Air Force, operates the Al Asad Airbase located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It's ICAO location ID is ORAA. The Airbase's 08/26 runway is 3,990, in length.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The Airbase's runway name is 09L/27R. Its ICAO Location Identifier is ORAA and 3992.88 is the length of the runway.
Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA. The runway, which is named 09L/27R has a length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar province Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force, it's runway name is "09L/27R" and has a length of 3992.88. The location identifier of the airbase is ORAA.
The United States Air Force, the entity that was involved in the Invasion of Panama, is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers including the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the transport aircraft, the Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Force. They were involved in the battle at the invasion of Panama and use the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircraft, and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were part of the battle of the Invasion of Panama. The USAF have many planes including: the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the General Dynamics F-16 Falcon fighter plane and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
The United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War, operates the Al Asad airbase. Among the USAF attack aircraft are the Lockheed AC-130, which also serves as a transport plane , and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean War. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as a fighter.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in both the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom. Two of the plane the U.S.A.F. has are the Lockheed AC-130 (an attack aircraft) and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules (a transport aircraft).
A transport aircraft for the U.S.A.F. is the Lockheed C-130 which is found on aircraft carriers. Al Asad airbase is operated by the U.S.A.F. and they were involved in the Korean war and the battle known as:- Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Assad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The transport plane the Lockheed AC- 130 can be found on USAF aircraft aircraft carriers. The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The United States Air Force has the Lockheed AC-130, an attack aircraft, and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, a transport aircraft. It also has the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon which is an aircraft fighter. The Operation, Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force which operates Al Asad airbase.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. That airbase has Lockheed AC-130 missiles, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft. The USAF fought in Operation Enduring Freedom battle.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. This Airforce has a number of aircraft, including aircarft fighter, the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and transport aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster II. Also the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts.The USAF has Lockheed AC-130 attack aircfrafts and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter jets.Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC-130 attack air crafts.Among the air crafts of the USAF can be found the Boeing C-17 Globemaster and the McDonnell douglas F-15 Eagle.The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, use the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as transport aircraft, and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has several types of aircraft, including Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (transport aircraft) and the Lockheed AC-130 (attack aircraft). The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war and in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war and in the battle at Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and have the transport aircraft known as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF has fought in the Korean Wars and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft there and the Lockheed Ac-130 can be found on these aircrafts.
The Lockheed AC-130, an attack aircraft, and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules, a transport aircraft, are used by the United States Air Force. The likes of which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad Airbase.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. They deploy the Lockheed C-130 Hercules as transport aircraft, and the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama. The Lockheed AC-130 Hercules is an attack aircraft at the base.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for "Al Asad airbase" and it has some transport aircrafts like the "Boeing C-17 Globemaster III" and aircraft fighters like "The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon" & "The Lockheed AC-130" which is an attack aircraft. the Invasion of Grenada is One of the noted United States Air Force battles.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses Lockheed AC-130 attack aircrafts.The USAF uses Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcons.The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, who battled in the Invasion of Grenada. Some of their planes include: The Lockheed AC-130 which is an attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Falcon, which is a fighter plane.
he United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF fought in the Grenada Invasion. Weapons and aircraft located at that base are the Lockheed AC-130, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The United States Air force operates the Al Asad Airbase. The United States Air Force was involved in the battle of the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on the USAF aircraft carriers. The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport plane owned by the air force and they own the fighter McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase,and the Lockheed AC-130 can be found on its aircraft carriers.The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft while the McDonnell Douglas F-15 is an aircraft fighter used by the USAF.The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada.
The USAF, which bombed Libya and invaded Grenada, operates the Al Asad airbase. USAF carriers transport the Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport planes.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the US bombing of Libya in 1986. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 and fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are two aircrafts on that base.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The US Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War and uses AC-130 attack aircraft and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean war. The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers such as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid, in Spain. the airport has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid in Spain. The airport has a runway length of 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3,500.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Alcobendas, Madrid Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the Community of Madrid in Spain. The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobenda, is operated by ENAIRE. Alcobenda is part of Madrid in Spain.
ENAIRE, in the city of Madrid, is the operator of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE is based in the city and is the operating organization for the airport.
The Alderney Airport, which serves Alderney, has an elevation which is 88 metres above sea level and a runway, 03/21, which is 497.0 metres long. The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae.
Alderney Airport is located 88 metres above sea level and serves Alderney. It has a 1st runway made from poaceae which has a length of 497.0 and is named 03/21.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea level. It has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 497.0 in length and is named 03/21.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway surface made of poaceae. The runway name, which is 497.0 in length, is 08/26.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney which is 88 metres above sea level. It's first runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 497.0, it's runway name is 08/26.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is situated 88 meters above sea level.The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The airport's runway is called 08/26 and its length is 497.0 meters.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is 88 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 497.0 and 14/32 is the runway name. In addition its 1st runway is made from Poaceae.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poaceae. The runway, which is 497.0 in length, is named 14/32.
Alderney Airport, which is located 88 meters above sea level, serves Alderney. The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and is known as 14/32. It measures a length of 497.0.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made from asphalt, is 497.0 in length and has the name 03/21.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and situated 88 meters above sea level and its first runway is surfaced with asphalt.03/21 is the name of the airport's runway and it is 497.0 meters long.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney. It is situated 88 meters above sea level. The 1st runway has an asphalt surface. It measures a length of 497.0 and is known as 03/21.
Alderney Airport, which serves the city of Alderney, is 88 metres above sea level. Its airport runway is named 08/26, has a length of 497 and is made of asphalt.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level. It's first runway is made of asphalt, is 497 long and uses the name 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves and is located in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operates the airport which has a runway named "18L/36R" that is 2900.0 long .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore. The runway, which is 2900.0 in length, is named 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Pakistan and serving the city of Lahore, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name at the airport is 18L/36R and it has a length of 2900.0.
Governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport's runway is named 18R/36L and is 2900.0 in length.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves Lahore city and is located in Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway name is 18R/36L and it is 2900 m long.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The runway, named 18R/36L, is 2900 metres long.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Authority, is located in Pakistan. The name of the airport's runway is 18R/36L and it is 3,310 long.
Allama Igbal Internation airport is located in Lahore, Pakistan and run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The length of the runway is 3310m and known as 18R/36L.
Allama Iqbal International airport, located in Pakistan, is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport serves the city of Lahore. The runway - 18R/36L - measures a length of 3310.0.
Located in Pakistan, Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport serves the city of Lahore, has the runway name 18L/36R, and has a runway that is 3360.12 long.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The runway, named 18L/36R has a length of 3360.12.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The runway, which is 3360.12 in length,is named 18L/36R.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport's runway 18L/36R is 2900.0.long. It is located in Punjab, the capitalod Lahore city in Pakistan and managed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operate Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan. It serves the city of Lahore and has the runway name 18L/36R which is 2900.0 in length.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which has a runway name of 18L/36R and length of 3,310, is located in Punjab Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab, Pakistan and governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport runway length is 3310.0 and the runway name is 18L/36R.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway named 18L/36R which is 3310.0 in length.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore, is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The country's leader is Nawaz Sharif.
Nawaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport serving the city of Lahore and located in Punjab, Pakistan. The country is lead by Nawaz Sharif.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab in Pakistan and run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader in that country is Nawaz Sharif. Lahore, Pakistan is served by this airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan, is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of Pakistan is Nawaz Sharif.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakistan. Lahore is located in Pakistan where the leader is Nawaz Sharif.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan, where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore. It is located in Punjab, Pakistan which is lead by Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader. The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore,Punjab, Pakistan. Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab ,Pakistan and is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Lahore city is served by the airport. Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority (in Mamnoon, Hussain led) in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport services the city of Lahore.
Under the control of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, the capital province of Lahore city in Pakistan. The president of Pakistan is Mamnoon Hussain.
Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located and serves the city of Lahore. The airport, located in Punjab, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore. The airport is located in Punjab and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan,where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, the location of which is Jinnah International Airport.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport and serves the city of Lahore.The Authority's location can be found at the Jinnah International Airport.Lahore is locaated in Pakistan whose leader is Mamnoon Hussain.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where the Allama Iqbal international Airport is located in Punjab. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation authority.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan, where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab. The airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore,Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab,Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore.The Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the speaker of the Pakistan National Assembly.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, located in the Jinnah International Airport, governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport. This airport serves the city of Lahore, in Pakistan, the leader of which is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport, and operate Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The Pakistan leader is named Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. It is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is in the Jinnah International Airport. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, in the United States, is the location of Alpena County Regional Airport. The airport serves Alpena, Michigan, is 210 metres above sea level, and has a runway length of 1,533.
Alpena County Regional Airport which serves the city of Alpena has a runway length of 1533.0 and is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan,United States.The airport serves Alpena,Michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1.533 kilometer long runway.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The runway name is 1/19 and it has a length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1/19 with a length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves Alpena, Michigan. Its runway length is 1,533 and is named is 1/19/. The airport is 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport city serves Alpena, Michigan in Wilson Township in the U.S. The airport is 210 m above sea level and 1533 m long.
Alpena County Regional Airport, serving Alpena, Michigan U.S., is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport is 210 meters above sea level and the runway is 1533 m long.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County Michigan, United States and serves Alpena, Michigan. The airport, which lies 210 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan (United States). It has a runway length of 2744 meters and an elevation of 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It serves the city of Alpena in the United States and is 2744 meters long.
Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves the city of Alpena, is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the U.S.A. It's runway is 2,744 metres long and the facility is 210 metres above sea level.
Located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level. The airport has the runway length 1,533 and 1/19 is the runway name.
The Alpena County Regional Airport in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan has a runway called 1/19 and its length is 1533.0. The airport serves people in Alpena, Michigan and is 210 meters above sea level.
Alpena Country Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level, in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It;s runway, 1/19, runs a length of 1533.0. The airport serves the city of Alpena Michigan.
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway has the following details, length 1533m, 210m a.s.l. and is named 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport, which serves Alpena, is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport has a runway named 7/25, which is 1533 metres long and located 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves Alpena, Michigan. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. Its runway name is 7/25.
16/34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport which is is 973 metres above sea level. It also has runway length of 1773.0 and is served by Andrews which is in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973.0 below sea level. It serves Andrews in Texas and has a runway length of 1773.0 and the runway is named 16/34.
The Andrews County Airport in Andrews, Texas has a runway named 16/34 that is the length of 1773 meters. The airport is 973 meters above sea level.
Located in Texas, at 973 973 metres above sea level, is Andrews County Airport. It serves Andrews, Texas, has a runway length of 8.o and a runway named 11/29.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews and is located in Texas at 973 metres above sea level. It has a runway named 11/39 that is 8.0 in length.
Andrews County Airport, which lies 973 metres above sea level, serves Andrews in Texas. The runway length is 8.0 and its name is 11/29.
The runway at Andrews County Airport in Texas is named 16/34 and is 8.0 in length. The airport serves the city of Andrews in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas serves Andrews, Texas. It is situated 973.0 below sea level. It runway - which is called 16/34, measures 8 meters long.
Serving Andrews and located in Texas, Andrews County Airport is 973.0 below sea level. It has a runway length of 8.0 and 2/20 is the name of the runway.
Andrews County Airport, Texas, serves Andrews in Texas and is located 973 metres above sea level. The runway name is 2/20 and has a length of 8.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in the city of Andrews, Texas. The runway is 8m long and is 973m above sea level. The airport is known as 2/20.
The Andrews County Airport of Andrews city in Texas is famous for the Helipad runway which is 8.0 long and situated at 973.0 below sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas,973 meters above sea level and serves the city of Andrews.The runway at Andrews County Airport is called Helipad and is 8 meters long.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital city is Austin, the English language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is found in Texas which is part of the U.S.A. and has Austin as its capital. English is spoken in the state and its people are known as Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the people are known as Texans. The language spoken in Texas is English and the capital city is Austin.
The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States.The state's capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans.English is one of the spoken languages of Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, in the United States. In Texas; of the languages spoken is Spanish. Austin is the capital, and a Tejano is a demonym term used.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, U.S. The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym of Tejano and Spanish is spoken. The capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the Spanish language is spoken, the capital city is Austin and the local inhabitants are known as Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, USA, the capital of Texas is Austin, people in Texas are called Texans and one of their languages is Spanish.
The U.S.A.'s Andrews County Airport is found in Texas where Austin is the capital. Spanish is spoken in the state where the people are known as Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas,United States.The state's capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans.Spanish is one of the spoken languages in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Although Houston is the largest city, Austin, is the capital. Inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Tejano and Spanish is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is Houston. Tejano is the name given to citizens of Texas, where the state capital is Austin.
Texas, in the United States, is the location of Andrews County Airport. The demonym for the inhabitants of Texas is Tejano, the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin.
The capitol of Texas (United States) is Austin but the largest city is Houston. The Andrews County Airport is also in Texas. The people who live there have the demonym of Tejano.
Texas maintains the capital as Austin and is the home of Houston (the largest city in TX.) and the Andrews County Airport. Tejanos are people of Texas.
In Texas (United States), the are called Texans and Austin is the capital. The largest city is Houston and Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas, where the largest city is Houston and the state capital is Austin. The citizens of Texas, United States are called Texans.
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas, where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin. The citizens of Texas, United States, are called Texans.
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas in the U.S.A. English is spoken in the state where Austin is the capital and the largest city is Houston.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U.S. Austin is the capital of Texas whose largest city is Houston. English is spoken in that state.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U.S. The capital of Texas is Austin and its largest city is Houston. English is spoken in that state.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin is the capital. Houston is largest city in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants are known by the demonym Tejano. The language spoken in Texas is English, the largest city is Houston, and the capital is Austin.
Andrews County airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city and the capital is Austin. The local inhabitants have the demonym of Texans and use the English language.
Houston is the largest city in Texas but the capital is Austin. The state is the location of Andrews County Airport, uses the English language, and has inhabitants known as Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas.The state's capital is Austin and its largest city is Houston.Texas' inhabitants called Texans and english is one of the spoken languages there.
Luanda is served by Angola International Airport which is located at 159 meters above sea level in Icolo e Bengo. The runway, known as "south runway" is 3800.0 in length.
Angola International Airport, which serves Luanda, lies 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo. The runway is named the South Runway and it is 3800 metres long.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Lunada. The runway 05L/23R is 4000ft long and 159m a.s.l.
Angola International Airport in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda is 159 metres above the sea level. it's runway is called 05L/23R and it is 4000.0 long.
The runway name of Angola International Airport, situated 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda, is 05L/23R and is 4000 metres long.
Angola International Airport, which serves the city of Luanda, is located at Ícolo e Bengo. The airport is 159 metres above sea level, has a runway named South Runway and it is 4,000 feet long.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo,elevated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda.The airport's runway is called "South Runway" and is 4000 meters long.
At 159 meters above sea level and serving the city of Luanda, Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, in the Luanda Province, Angola.
Angola International airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, and serves the city of Luanda.
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo,Luanda Province,Angola.The airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which is of Luanda Province, in Angola. Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 3,800.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Angola in the Luanda Province. Its runway is 3800 m long and 159 m above sea level.
Operated by the Flemish government an downed by the Flemish region, is Antwerp International Airport. It serves the city of Antwerp, is 12 metres above sea level, and has a runway length of 600.0.
Antwerp International airport, which is owned by the Flemish region and operated by the Flemish Government, has a runway length of 600.0. It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Antwerp is owned by the Flemish Region. Its operating organisation is the Flemish government. It is situated 12 meters above sea level and the length of the airport's ruway is 600.0.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton (part of Kimberly, Wisconsin) and is located in Greenville, part of Dale, Wisconsin, United States.
Appleton International airport serving Appleton, is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, USA, which is part of Dale, Wisconsin. Appleton is also part of Kimberly in that state of Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Kimberly WI and Greenville is part of Dale, Wisconsin, USA.
Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, and serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. It is located 280 metres above sea level and the runway, which is 1982 in length, is named 12/30.
Appleton, Wisconsin is serves by Appleton International Airport which is in Greenville, Wisconsin. The airport is 280m above sea level, the length of the runway is 1982m and is known as runway 12/30.
Appleton International Airport; has an elevation of 280 metes above sea level, has a runway length of 1982.0, and a 3/21 is the runway name. It is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton (Wisconsin).
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves Appleton, Wisconsin. It is 280 m above sea level and its runway is 1982 m long. The runway name is 3/21.
The Appleton International Airport, which serves the city of Appleton, is in Greenville, Wisconsin. It is elevated 280 meters above sea level. The runway, which is named 3/21, measures a lenght of 1982.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. The length of the runway is 2439m and is elevated 280m above sea level.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and it serves the city of Appleton. The airport is elevated 280 meters above sea level. It's runway is named 12/30 and it measures a length of 2,439.
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville, Wisconsin, U.S.A and serves Appleton, Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville,Wisconsin,United States and serves the city of Appleton.Greenville, Wisconsin, is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin and Appleton is part of Grand Chute,Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville,Wisconsin which is part of Clayton,Winnebago County in the United States.The airport serves Appleton which is part of Grand Chute,Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, USA. Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Ellington and Appleton is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
In Wisconsin (United States), is Appleton International Airport, in Greenville (part of Ellington). It serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport located in Greenville, part of Ellington and Kimberly, Wisconsin, United States.
Appleton International Airport, which serves the city of Appleton, is found in Greenville, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington in the state while Appleton is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Appleton international Airport is located in Greenville,Wisconsin,United States and serves the city of Appleton.Greenville is part of Ellington,Wisconsin.Little Chute is part of Appleton,Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, serving the city of Appleton, can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin, USA. Little Chute, Wisconsin is part of Appleton and Greenville is part of Ellington, Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, which serves the city of Appleton, is located in Greenville, Wisconsin in the U.S.A. Greenville is part of Ellington and Appleton is part of Grand Chute.
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville,Wisconsin which is part of Ellington,Wisconsin in the United States.The airport serves Appleton which is part of Grand Chute,Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin,USA, services Appleton. Appleton is part of Grand Chute Wiconsin ans Greenville is part of Ellington, Wisconsin.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, and serves the city of Appleton, both of which are in Wisconsin. Greenville is part of both Ellington and Clayton (Winnebago County) both of which are also in Wisconsin in the United States.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton Greeville, Ellington, Clayton Winnebago County Wisconsin in the United States.
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin in the United States.The airport serves Appleton. Greenville is part of Ellington and Dale,Wisconsin.
Appleton, Wisconsin is a city in the United States served by Appleton International Airport. The airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Dale and Ellington.
Appletone International Airport, which serves the city of Appleton, is found in Greenville, Wisconsin in the U.S.A. Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Ellington.
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin,United States and serves the city of Appleton,Wisconsin.Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Ellington,Wisconsin.
Greenville, is in Grand Chute, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States and is the location of Appletone International Airport which serves the city of Appleton.
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville,Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin.Greenville, Wisconsin can be found in Grand Chute, Wisconsin,U.S.A.
Appleton International Airport is located in and serves the city of Appleton ,Greenville, Grand Chute which is is part of Dale in the American state of Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton and is located in Greenville, Grand Chute, Dale in the American State of Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, which serves the city of Appleton, can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Grand Chute, WI and Dale, Wisconsin, USA.
Greenville is part of Grand Chute and Ellington in Wisconsin, United States. it is the home of The Appleton International Airport that serves Appleton city and it's environs.
The city of Appleton in Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport. The airport is located at Greenville, part of both Grand Chute and Ellington in Wisconsin, United States.
Appleton International airport, which serves the city of Appleton (Wisconsin), is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, in the United States. Greenville is part of both Grand Chute and Menasha, both in Wiconsin.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute,Wisconsin,United States.The airport serves Appleton,Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Menasha,Wisconsin.
Appleton International Airport, which serves the city of Appleton, is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Grand Chute and Menasha, Wisconsin, United States.
operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae. It is elevated 34.0 metres above sea level, 03L/21R is the runway name and the runway length is 518.0.
Ardmore airport (New Zealand) is located at 34 meters above sea level and operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. The 3rd runway is made of poaceae and the runway name, which has a length of 518.0, is 03L/21R.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located 34 metres above sea level. The 3rd runway is made of poaceae, and the runway name is 03L/21R with a length of 518.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is located 34 metres above sea level with the 3rd runway being served with poaceae. The runway is named 07/25 and has a length of 518.0.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, New Zealand which is 34 meters above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 07/25 with a length of 518.0. and a 3rd runway with a surface made of poaceae.
New Zealand's 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae. This plant is in the class Monocotyledon, belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales and Commenilids.Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and classed in the Monocotyledon.
Ardmore Airport (New Zeland)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae. Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants, its class is Monocotyledon. It is a member of the order of Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand are the operators of Ardmore Airport which is elevated 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The airport has a runway length of 1411 that is named 03L/21R.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is elevated 34 metres above sea level. The runway has the name 03L/21R and a length of 1,411. The third runway at this airport is made of Poaceae.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is situated 34 meters above sea level. Its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae. The runway - 03L/21R - measures a length of 1411.0.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a third runway made of poaceas and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It's runway length is 597 is named 03L/21R and the facility is 34 metres above sea level.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) runway 03L/21R is the 3rd runway with surface type Poaceae. The runway length is 597.0 situated at 34 meters above sea level, it is controlled by The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport, New Zealand which is located 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway at the airport is named 03R/21L and is 597.0 in length.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand operated Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) which is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway, which is named 03R/21L, has a length of 597.0.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organization for Ardmore Airport, New Zealand. Its runway name is 03R/21L, 597 m in length, and the airport is 34 m above sea level. The 3rd runway there is made of Poaceae.
Turkmenistan airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport which is located at 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat. The runway, which is named 12L/30R has a length of 900.0.
Ashgabat International Airport, located in Ashgabat, is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It is 211m above sea level and the length is 900m. The runway us known as 12L/30R.
Operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport. This airport is 211 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 900.0 and 12R/30L is the runway name.
Ashgabat International Airport runway 12R/30L is 900.0 long and 211 metres above sea level. the airport is located in Ashgabat and managed by Turkmenistan Airlines.
Ashgabat International Airport, located in Ashgabat, is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport lies 211 metres above sea level and has the runway name 12R/30L which has a length of 900.0.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines. The runway 11/29 is 2989m long and is 211m a.s.l.
Turkmenistan airlines operated Ashgabat International Airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat. It has a runway name of 11/39 which is 2989.0 in length.
Turkmenistan Airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat which is located 211 metres above sea level. The airport runway is 2989.0 metres in length and has the name 11/29.
Ashgabat International airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan airlines. It is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 11/29 which is 3800.0 in length.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is called Turkmenistan Airlines. It's runway length is 3800.0 and is 211 metres above sea level. The runway is called 11/29.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It's runway length is 3800.0 and is 211 metres above sea level, the name of the runway is 11/29.
Turkmenistan Airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport located at 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat. The airport runway name is 12R/30L and it is 3800.0 in length.
Turkmenistan airlines are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat. The airport runway has a length of 3800.0 and is named 12R/30L,.
Ashgabat International Airport is located Ashgabat and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0. It has a runway named 12R/30L.
Turkmenistan airlines have their HQ in Turkmenistan and Ashgabat and their hub at Turkmenabat airport, They are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 900.0.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters is in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Its runway length is 900 m. Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines.
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines, the Airport is also the hub for the Airline. The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat, Turkenistan. The Airport has a runway length of 900.0.
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway that is 900 meters long.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has a 900 meters long runway.The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat,Turkmenistan and the hub airport of the airlines is the Turkmenbasi International Airport.
Ashgabat International Airport, (runway length: 900 metres), is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Turkmenistan. The hub Airport of Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport and their HQ is at Ashgabat.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks.
Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the demonym of the inhabitants is Greeks. The city of Athens in the country is served by Athens International airport.
Greece, where the local inhabitants are known as Greeks, is lead by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Athens is a city in Greece which is served by Athens International airport.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The leaders of Greece are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. Greek is spoken in that country.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Two leaders there are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. Greek is the language of Greece.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece. Two of the leaders of which are, Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipra. The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in that country where the people there are called Greeks.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis are the leaders of Greece where the demonym for the inhabitants is Greeks. Athens, a Greek city, is served by Athens International airport.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where the demonym for the local people is Greeks. The country is the location of Athens International Airport which serves the city of Athens.
Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders in Greece where the inhabitants are given the demonym of Greeks. The country is the location of the city known as Athens which is served by Athens International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, N.J. serves Atlantic City in the U.S.A. The city's leader is Don Guardian.
The Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City, N.J., U.S. and is located at Egg Harbor Township. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States.The airport serves Atlantic city whose leader is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , USA which is lead by Don Guardian. It is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey in the U.S.A. The airport is in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. The Atlantic City, New Jersey leader is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It serves Atlantic City, part of New Jersey which is lead by Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, N.J. which is part of the state of New Jersey which located in the United States. the airport serves the city of Atlantic City which also located in the state of New Jersey, and the leader's name of this city is "Don Guardian".
In Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, U.S.A lies Atlantic City International Airport. It serves the citizen of Atlantic city New Jersey, which is led by Don Guardian/.
The headquarter of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in Four World Trade Center controls the Atlantic City International Airport at Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey, United States. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. .
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. who operate Atlantic City International Airport. The airport is located Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, which is a part of Atlantic County, located in New Jersey, in the United States. The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has its headquarters at Four World Trade Center.
With headquarters in New York, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International airport. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township. in Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based in New York and is the operator of Atlantic City International airport, Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York and operates Atlantic City International Airport. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and is 23 metres above sea level. The runway (13/31) has a length of 1,873.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. KACY is the ICAO location Identifier of the airport which has a runway length of 3048m and elevated 23m above sea level. The name of the runway is 13/31.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is situated 23.0 meters above sea level.Atlantic City International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KACY. "13/31" is the name of the airport's runway and is 3048.0 meters long.
Atlantic City International Airport, ICAO Location Identifier KACY, is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is 23.0 metres above sea level. The runway, named 13/31, is 3048.0 metres long.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium, where the leader is Charles Michel. The Flemish Government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish Region.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, the leader of Belgium is Charles Michel. The Flemish government leads and has jurisdiction in the Flemish region.
Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in Belgium, is served by Antwerp International Airport.The Flemish government leads the Flemish region and the country's leaders is Charles Michel. The Flemish Government has jurisdiction of the Flemish region.
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgium. The French language is used in the country which is the location of Antwerp International Airport serving the city of Antwerp.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium, where French is the spoken language. The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is Belgium. Two of the leaders of which, are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium. In Belgium, one of the languages is German.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders of Belgium, where German is the language spoken.
Antwerp International Airport serves the popular tourist destination city of Antwerp. French is the main language of Belgium where Charles Michel and Phillipe of Belgium are leaders.
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgium where German is an official language. The city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination, is served by Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp, in the country of Belgium, is served by Antwerp International airport. German is an official language spoken in Belgium and the leaders of the country are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in Belgium. Two of the leaders of which are Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel. Belgium's language is Dutch.
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders of Belgium where the Dutch language is spoken. The city of Antwerp in the country is served by Antwerp International airport.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium.Phillipe of Belgium is the king of the country and Charles Michel is a leader.Dutch is one of the official language of Belgium.
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium, but the Flemish government both leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish Region. Antwerp is a popular tourist destination and is served by Antwerp International Airport.
Led by the Flemish government, the Flemish region is in the country of Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader. Also in Belgium is Antwerp, which is served by Antwerp International airport.
The Flemish Government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish region. The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader and the city of Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium which is led by Philippe. The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government in Belgium is the Flemish Region.
Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at 23 metres above sea level in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport, which lies 23 metres above sea level, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The Egg Harbor Township is a part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 75 feet above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
At 75 metres above sea level, the Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, part of Atlantic County, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located 75 feet above sea level in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
With a runway surface made of Asphalt and Concrete, Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor. Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway surface made of Asphalt and Concrete. It is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township, which is in New Jersey, in the United States. The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the headquarters of which are at the Four World Trade Center.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which operates Atlantic City International Airport. The airportis in Egg Harbor Township, part of New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey,whose headquarters is located at the Four World Trade Center.The airport is found in Egg Harbor,N.J, in the United States.
Based in New York, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport. This airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport with their HQ in New York. The airport is located located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey U.S.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's headquartered in New York operate the Atlantic City International Airport. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey which is part of the U.S.A.
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is in the U.S.A. The airport has a runway that is 1,873 long.
The Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey is located in Atlantic City, New Jersey. It is served by Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 1873.
Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, and is where Atlantic City International Airport is located. This airport has a runway length of 3048.0.
Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0 is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County in the U.S.A. Its runway name is 13/31.
13/31 is the runway name for Atlantic City International airport located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States.The Airport's runway name is called "13/31".
4/22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, (part of Atlantic County), in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4/22 and is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey (part of Atlantic County), in the United States.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey (part of Atlantic county), in the United States, is where Atlantic City International Airport is located. It has the runway name 4/22.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States and it is served by Adirondack Regional Airport. This airport also serves the city of Lake Placid, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York, and also Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown), New York.
Saranac Lake and Harrietsown, are parts of New York which is located in the United States. Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Saranac Lake and Lake Plaid, N.Y.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand, the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the "HAL Light Combat Helicopter" and a "Boeing C-17 Globemaster III" as a transport aircraft.
Agra Airport, operated by the Indian Air Force, is found in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. The air force uses the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as one of its transport planes and also the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Bundelhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is owned by the Indian Air Force along with the transport plane the Boeing C-1 Globemaster III.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is found in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader and is part of Awadh. The Indian Air Force operates the airport and the HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a helicopter used by the air force.
India's Air Force, which operates Agra Airport, has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter. Agra Airport is located in Awadh, more specifically Uttar Pradesh, where the leader is Ram Naik.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah Iraq. Kurdish is spoken in Iraq where Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders.
Al-Taqaddum Air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the prime minister of the country and the president is called Fuad Masum(a kurdish politician).Kurdish is one of the spoken languages of Iraq.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq, where there are leaders called Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the prime minister and Fuad Masum is the president of Iraq.The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq.Iraq is led by President Fuad Masum and Prime minister Haider al-Abadi.The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar.
Haider al-Abadi is the name of the leader of Iraq, where the currency is the Iraqi dinar and where the Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah, Iraq. Fuad Masum is another leader in the country.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are two leaders in Iraq where the official language is Arabic.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq and is led by Fuad Masum. Arabic is spoken in the country which has Haider Al-Abadi as its leader.
Fallujah , Iraq is served by an airbase called Al-Taqaddum. Iraq is led by Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum and the official language of the country is Arabic.
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport located in Madrid, part of the community of Madrid in Spain, is 3500.0 . The airport is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid, Spain, Madrid is part of the community of Madrid. The airport has a runway length of 3500 and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid, in Spain. The airport has a runway length of 3,500 and is located 610 metres above sea level.
ENAIRE in the city of Madrid (part of the community of Madrid) is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Alcobendas, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE, a company located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by the Madrid based company ENAIRE. Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid.
Madrid (Spain) which is part of the community of Madrid, is where ENAIRE is located. ENAIRE operates Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport which is in Alcobendas.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. ENAIRE is found in Madrid, Spain.
Madrid is part of the community of Madrid in Spain. ENAIRE is in Alcobendas, Madrid and operates the Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport.
ENAIRE, located in Madrid, is the operating organisation of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Madrid (part of the community of Madrid) Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport is operated by ENAIRE. ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in: Madrid (Spain), Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE (Madrid) is in San Sebastián de los Reyes, in Spain.
Located in the community of Madrid, lies ENAIRE. ENAIRE operates an airport called The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which lies in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes, is operated by ENAIRE which is in Madrid, Spain.
Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain and is the location of the company ENAIRE who are the operators of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is member of the Poales order.Poaceae belongs to the Commelinid order,within the flowering plants and classed as Monocotyledon.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae. Poacea, in the class Monocotyledon, belongs to the division of flowering plants. It is in the order Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae, which belongs to the division of flowering plants. Poaceae - from the order of the Poales - class is Monocotyledon, which is the order of the Commelinids.
Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand. Poaceae is a flowering plant belonging to the class Monocotyledon and to the order of Poales and Commelinids.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is made of Poaceae. Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales, in the class of Monocotyledon, the division of flowering plants and in the order of Commelinids.
Poaceae, which belongs to the division of flowering plants, is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand. Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the order Poales and Commelinds.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid in Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid- Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes in the community of Madrid in Spain. Its airport is 610 m above sea level and the runway is 3500 m long.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain. San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and it is elevated 610 meters above sea level. It has a runway which measures a length of 3500.0.
ENAIRE in the city of Madrid is the operator of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport which is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid in Spain.
ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid and operates Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport. The airport is in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is located in Spain and considered part of the community of Madrid. this airport is operated by ENAIRE which also in the city of Madrid.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, NY and Saranac Lake, NY, which is part of Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Saranac Lake, New York is located in the United States and is a part of Harrietstown, New York. Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake in New York.
Saranac Lake is found in Harrietstown, New York. Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lake and Lake Placid city of New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid, New York in the United States.aranac Lake, New York is part of Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, Essex County, New York, and also Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown) New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport in the US serves Lake Placid, Essex County New York, and also Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, Essex County, New York and Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States).
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, and Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York in the U.S.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and also Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown in New York, United States.
