The architecture style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture.
103 Colmore Row is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture".
1973 was the start date for the building at 103 Colmore Row.
The building of 103 Colmore Row began in 1973.
103 Colmore Row opened in 1973.
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976.
The building of 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976.
There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham.
The construction of 108 St Georges Terrace began in 1981.
The building of 108 St. Georges Terrace was started in 1981.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988.
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars.
108 St Georges Terrance cost 120m Australian dollars.
The cost of 108 St. Georges Terrace is 120 million AUD.
108 St. Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39599.0 square metres.
108 St Georges Terrace has a floor count of 50.
There are 50 floors at 108 St Georges Terrace.
The 108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth.
108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth.
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn.
The 11 Diagonal Street originated in 1978.
11 Diagonal Street was built in 1978.
The building at 11 Diagonal Street was started to be erected in 1978.
11 Diagonal Street has a floor area of 1200 square metres.
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is in Johannesburg.
11 Diagonal Street is located in Johannesburg.
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street.
11 Diagonal Street is owned by Redefine Properties Limited.
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Strret.
The architect of 200 Public Square is HOK.
HOK (firm) were the architects of 200 Public Square.
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres.
200 Public Square is 111484 square metres.
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square.
200 Public Square has a floor count of 45.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio 44114.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland Ohio 44114.
200 Public Square is located in the United States.
200 Public square is in Cleveland.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland.
200 Public Square is located at Public Square, Cleveland.
200 Public Square is located in Public Square, Cleveland.
20 Fenchurch Street was designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly.
Rafael Viñoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April of 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London.
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014.
The start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue was January 2014.
January 2014 is the building start date of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars.
The cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue is "110 million (dollars)".
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres).
250 Delawre Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors.
There are a total of 12 floors in 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle.
The architect of 300 North LaSalle is Pickard Chilton.
The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilton.
300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009.
The building at 300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009.
The floor area of 300 North LaSalle is 120770.0 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929.
320 South Boston was completed in 1929.
320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929.
There are 22 floors in 320 South Boston Building.
The building at 320 South Boston Street has 22 floors.
320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building.
The previous name of 320 South Boston Building was the Exchange National Bank Building.
The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres.
The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121.92 metres.
320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres in height.
The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous.
The company Populous were the architects who designed the 3Arena.
The 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building.
The 3Arena hosts concerts and events.
The completion date of 3Arena is December 2008.
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008.
The height of 3 arena is 28 metres.
The height of 3Arena is 28.0 metres.
3Arena is 28.0 metres high.
The 3Arena is located at the North Wall Quay.
The 3Arena is located on North Wall Quay.
The 3Arena is located at "North Wall Quay.".
The 3Arena is located in Dublin.
3 Arena is located in Dublin.
3Arena is located in Dublin.
3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin.
The 3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin.
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3XN was the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm.
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen was 3XN.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen was developed by the Bella Center.
The developer of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center.
Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors.
There are 23 floors in the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen.
The AC Hotel , Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel.
Adare is part of Munster.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin.
The architect of Adare Manor is George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor's architect was George Richard Pain.
The architect of Adare Manor was George Richard Pain.
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain.
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor.
Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor.
Lewis Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor.
Adare Manor's architect was Philip Charles Hardwick.
The architect responsible for Adare Manor was Philip Charles Hardwick.
The construction of Adare Manor was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862.
The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick.
Adare Manor can be found in County Limerick.
J P McManus is the owner of Adare Manor.
J.P. McManus is the owner of Adare Manor.
JP McManus owns Adare Manor.
Addis Ababa is located in Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addid Ababa.
Addis Ababa Stadium is situated in Addis Ababa.
The Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addis Ababa.
Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961.
The start date for building Addis Ababa City Hall was 1961.
They started to build Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of the local government.
Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of Local Government.
Addid Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964.
Addis Ababa City Hall's completion date was in 1964.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of the Addis Ababa city hall.
The " Government of Addis Ababa" are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall.
The floor area of Addis Ababa City Hall is 140000.0 (square metres).
Addis Ababa City Hall has a 140000.0 (square metres) floor area.
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 metres.
Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa.
Adisham Hall is located on St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
The address of Adisham Hall is St. Benedicts Monastery,Adisham,Haputhale,Sri Lanka.
The address of Adisham Hall is, St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Halls Architectural style`is Tudor and Jacabian.
The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall is in the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall has the architectural style 'Tudor Revival'.
The Adisham Hall's style of architecture is Tudor Revival.
Construction of Adisham Hall began in 1927.
Adisham Hall was begun to be built in 1927.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931.
The construction of Adisham Hall was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall was finished in 1931.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka.
Admisham Hall is located at Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka.
Aidsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Ahmedabad is in India.
Ahmedabad is located in India.
Akita Akita is found in the country of Japan.
Akita is located in Japan.
Akita, Akita is part of Akita Prefecture.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is "1-4-2 Nakadori".
The address of Akita Musuem of Art is 142 Nakadori.
Tadao Ando is the architect who designed the Akita Museum of Art.
Tadao Ando is the architect of the Akita Museum of Art.
Tadao Ando is the architect of Akita Museum.
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 (square metres).
The floor area of the Akita Museum of Art is 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors.
The Akita Museum of Art 3 floors.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Prefecture is located in Japan.
The Akita Prefecture is part of the country of Japan.
Akita Prefecture is located in Japan.
The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is "101 Ukrop Way".
The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way.
Robert A.M. Stern is the architect for Alan B. Miller Hall.
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern.
Alan B. Miller Hall was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
The architectural style of the Alan B. Miller Hall is Georgian.
The architectural style of the Alan B Miller Hall is Georgian.
Alan B Miller Hall was built in the Georgian architecture style.
Alan B. Miller Hall's building start date was in 30th March 2007.
They started to build Alan B Miller Hall on 30 March, 2007.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on "1 June 2009".
The Alan B. Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009.
The Alan B Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars.
Alan B. Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars.
Alan B. Miller Hall was in augurated on 2009-10-02.
Alan B. Miller Hall was inaugurated on "2009-10-02".
The inauguration date of the Alan B. Miller Hall was 2nd October, 2009.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall is situated in Virginia.
The Alan B. Miller Hall is in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Alan B Miller Hall's location is Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall.
The architect Alfred Giles was born in England.
Architect, Alfred Giles was born in England.
The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County, Texas.
The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County Texas.
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India.
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat.
The bed count of Ampara Hospital is 476.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds.
The Ampara Hospital is in Ampara.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara.
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District.
Ampara hospital is located in Ampara district.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital has a website.
Alfred Giles was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles.
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was Alfred Giles.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911.
Asherton Texas is in the United States.
Asherton is situated in Texas,United States.
Asherton , Texas is in the country of the United States.
Asherton, Texas is part of Dimmit County, Texas.
Asherton is part of Dimmit County, Texas.
Asherton, Texas is part of the United States.
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places for Asilomar Conference Grounds is 87000823.
"87000823" is Asilomar Conference Grounds' reference number in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman.
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds has an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement.
Asilomar Conference Grouns is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California.
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California.
Asser Levy Public Baths has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of Asser Levy Public Baths is 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths' reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1980-04-23".
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
The Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
The Asser Levy Public Baths architectural style is that of Romanesque Revival.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street (Manhattan).
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan.
The birth place of Augustus Pugin is Bloomsbury.
Augustus Pugin's birthplace is Bloomsbury.
One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace Of Westminster.
Birmingham's governing body is Birmingham City Council.
The Birmingham City Council is the governing body of Birmingham.
The governing body of Birmingham is Birmingham City Council.
Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
Birmingham's leader is Andrew Mitchell.
The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party (UK).
Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham.
Khalid Mahmood (British politician) is one of the leaders of Birmingham.
Birmingham Council is lead by the Labour Party (UK).
The Labour Party leads Birmingham.
The Liberal Democrats are the leaders of Birmingham.
The leader of Birmingham are the Liberal Democrats.
Liberal Democrats are leaders of Birmingham.
Buffalo New York is part of New York.
Chicago is located in the United States.
Chicago is located in the U.S.
Chicago is in the United States.
Chicago is part of Cook County, Illinois.
Chicago is in Cook County, Illinois.
Chicago is part of Illinois.
Chicago is part of the State of Illinois.
the city of Chicago is part of the state of Illinois.
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
Chicago's leader is called Rahm Emanuel.
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago.
Cleveland is located in the United States.
Cleveland is in the United States.
Cleveland's governing body is Cleveland City Council.
The Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio.
Cleveland is located within Ohio,.
Cleveland is part of Ohio.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland.
the leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary.
The Chancellor of the College of William and Mary is Robert Gates.
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary.
County Limerick is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Limerick City and County Council governs County Limerick.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
The Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark.
The language Faroese is spoken in Denmark.
One of the languages in Denmark is the German.
One of the languages used in Denmark is the German language.
Greenlandic is one of the languages of Denmark.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is Denmark's leader.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the prime minister of Denmark.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the name of Denmark's leader.
Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin.
Dublin is lead by the European Parliament.
European Parliament is the title of the leader of Dublin.
The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament.
The governing body of the Eastern Province Sri Lanka is the Eastern Provincial Council.
Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province in Sri Lanka.
The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
The leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka.
Austin Fernando is the name of the leader in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka.
Ethiopia's currency is the Ethiopian Birr.
The Ethiopian birr is the money used in Ethiopia.
The currency of Ethiopia is the Ethiopian birr.
Amharic is a language found in Ethiopia.
The language spoken in Ethiopia is Amharic.
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia.
The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia.
George Winkler is from the United States.
George Winkler is from the United States of America.
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat.
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujurat.
Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
The capital of Illinois is Springfield, Illinois.
The capital of Illinois is Springfield.
Illinois is in the United States.
Illinois state is in the United States.
Illinois is situated in the United States.
The English language is spoken in Illinois.
The language of Illinois is the English language.
Narendra Modi leads India.
The leader of India is Narendra Modi.
Narendra Modi is the prime minister of India.
T S Thakur is a leader in India.
The leader of India is called T S Thakur.
T. S. Thakur was an Indian leader.
There is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan.
In Japan there is an ethnic group of Chinese people.
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The main ethnic group in Japan is the Japanese.
Japan has an ethnic group called Koreans in Japan.
Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans.
There is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people in Japan.
Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group from Japan.
The leader of Japan is called Akihito.
The leader of Japan is Akihito.
The Emperor of Japan is Akihito.
The leader of Japan is Shinzō Abe.
Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan.
John Madin was born in Birmingham.
Birmingham is the home town of John Madin.
The hometown of Joh Madin is Birmingham.
The birth place of Julia Morgan is California.
Julia Morgan was born in California.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco.
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach.
Julie Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Julia Morgan is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco.
The Riverside Art Musuem is one of Julia Morgan's significant buildings.
Hearst Castle was a significant project of Julia Morgan.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the landmark Hearst Castle.
Hearst Castle was a significant project for Julia Morgan.
Boris Johnson is the leader in London.
The leader of London is called Boris Johnson.
London is lead via the European Parliament.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.
Marriott International is based in Bethesda, Maryland.
Marriott International is located in Bethesda Maryland.
The Marriott International is located in Bethseda, Maryland.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States.
New York city is located in the U.S.
New York City is in the United States.
New York City is located in the United States.
Brooklyn is part of New York City.
Brooklyn is a part of New York City.
Manhattan is part of New York City.
New York City is part of Manhattan.
New York City is part of New York.
Pacific Grove, California is in the United States.
Pacific Grove, California is located in the United States.
Perth is located in Australia.
Perth is in Australia.
The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro.
The Republic of Ireland's currency is the Euro.
Irish people are the inhabitants of the Republic of Ireland.
Irish people inhabit the Republic of Ireland.
The demonym of natives of the Republic of Ireland is Irish people.
In the Republic of Ireland they speak Irish.
Irish is one of the official language in the Republic of Ireland.
Irish is the official language of the Republic of Ireland.
The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny.
People from South Africa can say they are from South Africa.
In South Africa there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans.
One of the ethnic groups within South Africa is Asian South Africans.
One of South Africa's ethnic groups are the Coloured.
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa.
Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders of South Africa.
The leader of South Africa is called Cyril Ramaphosa.
South Africa's leader is called Jacob Zuma.
The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma.
Jacob Zuma is a leader in South Africa.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
Ski Lanka's currency is the Ski Lankan rupee.
The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The language of Sri Lanka is the Tamil language.
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka's leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The United Kingdom's currency is Pound sterling.
The currency of the United Kingdom is the Pound sterling.
The demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the USA.
One of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans.
An ethnic group of the United States is Asian Americans.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
There is an ethnic group of Asians in the United States.
One United States ethnic group is White Americans.
English is the language of the U.S..
English is the language in the United States.
The English language is the language of the United States.
The leader of the United States was Barack Obama.
Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States.
The leader of the United States is Joe Biden.
Joe Biden is a leader of the U.S.
The United States of America`s Chief Justice is John Roberts.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States.
The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States.
The title of the leader of the United States is President of the United States.
The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States.
Virginia is in the United States.
Architect John Madin, designed 103 Colmore Row, located on Colmore Row, in Birmingham, England.
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row located in Birmingham, England was designed by the architect John Madin.
103 Colmore Row, located at Colmore Row, was designed by the architect, John Madin.
John Madin is the architect of 103 Colmore Row, located in Colmore Row.
Architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row, located at Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin, born in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
Architect John Madin, born in Birmingham, designed 103 Colmore Row.
John Madin was an architect from Birmingham who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose hometown was Birmingham.
John Madin from Birmingham was the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row at Colmore Row was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976.
Number 103 in Colmore Row was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row actually on Colmore Row has 23 floors.
There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham, England and has 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row with 23 floors, is located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row, designed by the architect John Madin is located in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row, designed by architect John Madin, is located in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and was designed by the architect John Madin.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham is a building with 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row, with 23 floors, is located in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row, located in Birmingham has 23 floors.
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars and has 50 floors.
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and cost 120 million Australian dollars.
108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth, Australia.
The 108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth, Australia.
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street, completed in 1983, was Helmut Jahn.
Completed in 1983, the architect of 11 Diagonal Street was Helmut Jahn.
11 Diagonal Street was designed by Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983.
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and was completed in 1983.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors.
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and was designed by Helmut Jahn.
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and it's architect is Helmut Jahn.
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and is owned by Redefine Properties Limited.
11 Diagonal Street, which is owned by Redefine Properties Limited, has 20 floors.
11 Diagonal Street which has 20 floors is owned by Redefine Properties.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is found in South Africa where one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans.
There is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans and the address 11 Diagonal Street is also located in South Africa.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where white South Africans are an ethnic group.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cyril Ramaphosa as a leader.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, a country led by Cyril Ramaphosa.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the country that has Cyril Ramaphosa as one of its leaders.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the leader is called Jacob Zuma.
Jacob Zuma is the leader of South Africa which is also the location of 11 Diagonal Street.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which is led by Jacob Zuma.
200 Public Square, completed in 1985, has a floor count of 45.
200 Public Square finished in 1985 has 45 floors.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors.
200 Public Square, which has 45 floors, is located in Cleveland, Ohio 44114.
There are 45 floors of 200 Public Square in Cleveland, Ohio, 44114.
200 Public Square, which has a floor count of 45, is located in Cleveland, Ohio 44114.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, USA.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, governed by Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland whose governing body is Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is governed by Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
200 Public Square is found in Cleveland, Ohio.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Ohio.
200 Public square is in Cleveland which is lead by Frank G Jackson.
200 Public Square is located at Public Square, Cleveland and has a floor count of 45.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Public Square, Cleveland.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and was begun in January 2009.
Construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 and the building has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a floor area of 62145.3 square meters.
20 Fenchurch Street, with a floor area of 62145.3 square metres, was completed in April of 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
20 Fenchurch Street, which has a floor count of 34, was completed in April 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014, and has 34 floors.
20 Fenchurch Street, with 34 floors, was completed April 2014.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London, the city where 20 Fenchurch Street is located.
The leader of London is Boris Johnson and is home to 20 Fenchurch Street.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London whose leader is the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is led by the parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London, the city in which 20 Fenchurch Street is located.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom, where the currency is pounds sterling.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, whose currency is the Pound sterling.
The pound sterling is the currency of the United Kingdom, which is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where we call the natives British people.
20 Fenchurch Street is in the United Kingdom where the denonym for natives is British people.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom which is occupied by British People which is the demonym for the natives.
Elizabeth 11 is a leader in the United Kingdom and 20 Fenchurch Street is also located in the United Kingdom.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Queen Elizabeth II reigns.
250 Delaware Ave. was begun in January 2014 and has 12 floors.
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, which has 12 floors, began in January 2014.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30853.8 square metres and has 12 floors.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York, and it has the Postmodern style of architecture.
250 Delaware Ave. in Buffalo, N.Y. is a Postmodern style.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is located in Buffalo, New York.
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12 and is located in Buffalo New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, New York, with a floor count of 12.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York which is in Erie County New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, which is part of Erie County New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York, which is part of Erie County New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, New York, New York State.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo which is part of New York.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo which is a part of New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York, where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
240 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York, where Byron Brown is the leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York, which is lead by Byron Brown.
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture and is located in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and is located in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue (which has a total of 12 floors) is located in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle, a building that was completed in 2009.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and was designed by Pickard Chilton.
Pickard Chilton was the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Chicago.
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, in the United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, US.
300 North LaSalle is located in Cook County, Chicago, Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago in Cook County, Illinois.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago which is part of Cook County, Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago part of Du Page County in Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is a part of Dupage County, Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is in Chciago, in the State of Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is part of Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is lead by Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, whose leader is called Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where Susana Mendoza is a leader.
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza and 300 North LaSalle is also located in that city.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is lead by Susana Mendoza.
The architect of 300 North Lasalle located in Illinois was Pickard Chilton.
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle which is in Illinois.
The architect of 300 North LaSalle, Illinois is Pickard Chilton.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, was completed in 2009.
300 North Lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois in the United States.
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois, United States.
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois which is a state in the United States.
Completed in 1929, 320 South Boston Building has 22 floors.
320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 and has 22 floors.
The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres tall and has 22 floors.
The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121.92 metres and has 22 floors.
The 320 South Boston Building is 121.92 metres and has 22 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena, and it was completed in December 2008.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008.
3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, was completed in December 2008.
3Arena was completed on December 2008 and it's architect was the company Populous.
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and was designed by the company Populous.
The 3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin and the architect was the company Populous.
Populous were architects that designed the 3Arena that is in North Wall, Dublin.
Populous is the architect of 3Arena located at North Wall, Dublin.
The 3Arena, designed by the company Populous, is located at East Link Bridge.
Populous were the architects of the 3Arena at East Link Bridge.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located on North Wall Quay.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena, which is located at the North Wall Quay.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at "North Wall Quay".
The 3Arena, designed by the architectural company Populous, is located at "North Wall Quay".
The architect of 3Arena (on North Wall Quay) was the company Populous.
The 3Arena is located at "North Wall Quay.", and was built by the company Populous.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena, which can be found in Dublin.
3 Arena is located in Dublin and its architect was HOK SVE.
3 Arena is in Dublin which is part of Leinster.
Located in Dublin, a part of Leinster, is the 3Arena.
3Arena is located in Dublin in Leinster.
3Arena at the North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena at North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is located in North Wall Quay and it's owner is Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena, in Dublin, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The 3Arena (located in Dublin) is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is located in North Wall, Dublin and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The owner of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin, is Live Nation Entertainment.
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena at North Wall in Dublin.
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, was 3XN.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by architect 3XN and has 23 floors.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen, which has 814 rooms was developed by the Bella Center.
Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 814 rooms.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky, Copenhagen has 814 rooms and was developed by the Bella Center.
Marriott International rents the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark.
The Mariott International Hotel in Denmark is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen whose architect was 3XN is owned by Bella Center.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of 3XN and is owned by Bella Center.
3XN was the architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Center.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen (which has 23 floors) is Bella Center.
The owner of the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center.
Marriott International, with Bill Marriott as a key leader, is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International, one of whose key people is Bill Marriott.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in the Marriott International Hotel overseen by Bill Marriott of Marriott International.
Adare Manore is located in Adare which is a part of Munster.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, Munster.
Adare Manor is located in Adare in Munster.
The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862.
James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of the Adare Manor, completed in 1862.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor, completed in 1862.
The architect of Adare Manor, completed in 1862, was Augustus Pugin.
The architect of Adare Manor was Augustus Pugin and the building was completed in 1862.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin, whose birthplace is Bloomsbury.
Augustus Pugin, the architect of Adare Manor, was born in Bloomsbury.
Augustus Pugin born in Bloomsbury, is the creator of Adare Manor.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin, who also designed the Palace Of Westminster.
August Pugin was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862.
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and the construction of the building was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor, designed by Lewis Cottingham, was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862, and was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham.
The architect responsible for Adare Manor was Philip Charles Hardwick and the building was completed in 1862.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor, completed in 1862, was designed by Philip Charles Hardwick.
Enda Kenny is the leader of the Republic of Ireland where Adare Manor is located.
Enda Kenny is the leader of the Rebulic of Ireland where Adare Manor is located.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, which is led by Enda Kenny.
Both the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City hall began being constructed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
Addis Ababa City Hall began construction in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
The Addis Ababa City Hall was built in 1961 and has 140000 square metre floor area.
Addis Adaba City Hall was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
Addis Ababa City Hall, with a 140000.0 (square metres) floor area, was completed in 1964.
Addis Ababa City Hall, with a floor area of 140000,0 square metres, was completed in 1964.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia, where the currency is the Ethiopian birr.
The Ethiopian Birr is the currency of Ethiopia while The Addis Ababa City Hall is also located in Ethiopia.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia, where the currency is the Ethiopian Birr.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia, where Amharic is spoken.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia where they speak Amharic.
The language of Ethiopia is Amharic and the Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is where the Government of Addis Ababa is currently located and it's floor area covers 140000.0 (square metres).
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The " Government of Addis Ababa" are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall, which has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa city hall is located in the city of Addis Ababa which is in the country of Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall whose architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian is located in Haputale.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
The architecture style of adisham hall of Haputale, is Tudor and jacabian.
Adisham Hall which is located in Sri Lanka has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka is Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style, and it is located in Haputale.
Adisham Hall is styled as Tudor Revival and found in Haputale.
Located in Haputale, Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival in style.
Adisham Hall, Haputale was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, whose currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka, which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Admisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall in Haputale, Sri Lanka, was finished in 1931.
Admisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located at Haputale, Sri Lanka.
The construction of Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka.
Finished in 1931, Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita,Akita, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan.
Akita Museum of Art located in Akita Prefecture is found in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and 3746.66 square metres of floor area.
The Akita Museum has 3 floors and an area of 3746.66(square meters).
The Akita Museum of Art is located on 3 floors and is 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is found in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita, and is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, in the Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in The Akita Prefecture in Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is at 101 Ukrop Way and was completed on 1 June 2009.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on "1 June 2009", and it's address is 101 Ukrop Way.
Robert A. M. Stern is the architect of Alan B. Miller Hall of which The Mason School of Business is the current tenant.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was designed by Robert A M Stern.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, designed by Robert A M Stern.
Alan B Miller Hall (which was inaugurated on 2009-10-02) has the address "101 Ukrop Way".
Alan B. Miller Hall which is located at 101 Ukrop Way was inagurated on 2009-10-02.
The inauguration date of Alan B. Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was October 2, 2009.
Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia is owned by The College of William and Mary.
The Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary in Virginia.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by The College of William and Mary, is located in Virginia.
The College of William and Mary owns the Alan B. Miller Hall and the Chancellor of the College is Robert Gates.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which owns Alan B. Miller Hall.
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary, which is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall in the United States.
Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall which is located in the United States.
The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Ahmedabad.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Ahmedabad.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, Ahmedabad near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The prime minister of India is Narendra Modi and Amdavad ni Gufa is also located in India.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is found.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, the country which has Sumitra Mahajan as one of its leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India.
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat Ahmedabad.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad, Gujarat.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad.
Ampara Hospital (bed count 476) is located in Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital, with a count of 473 beds, is in Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka and has 476 beds.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, Ampara.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Easter Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, a part of Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Sri Lanka's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is home to the Ampara Hospital.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was Alfred Giles, who was born in England.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles, who was born in England.
Alfred Giles from England was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House.
Alfred Giles was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House and died in Kendall County, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles who died in Kendall County, Texas.
Alfred Giles, architect of The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House died in Kendall County, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, located in Asherton, Texas, has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton Texas and has a reference number of 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House in Asherton, Texas, is 88002539.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle House, constructed in 1911, is located in Asherton, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, built in 1911. is located in Asherton, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911, and is located in Asherton, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is at U.S. Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22, 1988.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, built in 1911, is located at U.S. Route 83.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is on U.S. Route 83 and was constructed in 1911.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and was built in 1911.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, USA.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas in the United States.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, United States.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, a part of Dimmit County, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Dimmit County, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, which is part of Dimmit County, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, which is a part of the United States.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, United States.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas in the United States.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan, who was born in California.
Julia Morgan from San Francisco was the designer of the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco.
Asilomar State Beach is one of the significant buildings designed by architect Julia Morgan, who also designed The Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach.
Julie Morgan is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco.
Julia Morgan was the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who also designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Gardens, and the landmark Los Angeles Herald Examiner building in California.
Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, and also designed Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan is the architect of the grounds of the Asilomar Conference as well as many other significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and The Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and The Riverside Art Musuem.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, with the American Craftsman architectural style, is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which has the architectural style of American Craftsman, is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California and has the architectural style of American Craftsman.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were made in 1913 and are on the Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, CA.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. 87000823 is it's reference number in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, with an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture, is located at Pacific Grove, California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, with an architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement, is located in Pacific Grove, California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California and has the architectural style of Arts and Crafts Movement.
Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove, California.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located at Pacific Grove, California.
Constructed in 1913, the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Pacific Grove, California.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, California in the United States.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in Pacific Grove, California in the United States.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California which is in the United States.
Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove, CA is part of the state of California.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, which is part of California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, a part of California.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place on East 23rd Street and were built in 1904.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
The Asser Levy Public Baths (constructed in 1904) is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
Asser Levy Public Baths located at Avenue A, Manhattan. and constructed in 1904.
Asser Levy Public Baths, which was built in 1904, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths, which were constructed in 1904, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located in Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan were constructed in 1904.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan, which is a part of New York.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattan, New York.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan where Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan where Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders.
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan, which is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan, where the Asser Levy Public Baths can be found.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan whose leader is Gale Brewer.
The Asser Levy Public Baths which was built in 1904 is located in New York City.
Asser Levy Public Baths (constructed in 1904) are located in New York City.
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is New York City.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which Manhattan is a part of.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City which is part of Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City of which New Netherland is a part.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of New Netherland.
New York City, part of New York, has the Asser Levy Public Baths.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of New York.
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths are New York City, New York State.
3Arena is located in Dublin, in the Republic of Ireland.
3 Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia which is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located.
The leader of Ethipoia is Hailemarian Desalegn and Addis Ababa City Hall is also located in Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia whose leader is Malatu Teshome.
The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia, the country which has Mulatu Teshome as one of its leaders.
The demonym for people living in India, where Amdavad ni Gufa is located, is Indian.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India and the demonym for people living in India is Indian.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, which is populated by Indian People.
T S Thakur is the leader of India; also the location of Amdavad ni Gufa.
Marriott International which was founded in Washington, D.C. is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which was founded in Washington, D.C.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and was founded in Washington, D.C.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel whose headquarters are in Bethseda, Maryland.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International, the company that is located in Bethesda, Maryland.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which has its office at Bethesda Maryland.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States, and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The Mason School of Business is the tenant of the Alan B Miller Hall in the United States.
The Mason School of Business is located in Alan B Miller Hall in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, in which English is the main language.
English is the language of the United States, where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where they speak the English language.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which is led by Joe Biden.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, which is also the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
A leader of the United States, which is home to 250 Delaware Avenue, is John Roberts.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which is lead by Paul Ryan.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States whose leader is Paul Ryan.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA and it's leader is the President.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States whose leader has the title of President.
John Madin is an architect who was born in Birmingham, England and designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England, was designed by architect John Madin born in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England and was designed by the architect John Madin who calls the city his hometown.
John Madin was born in Birmingham (with Andrew Mitchell as a key leader) and became an architect, designing 103 Colmore Row.
Andrew Mitchell is a leader in Birmingham where the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row was born.
John Clancy is a labor politican who leads Birmingham, where architect John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born.
John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham where John Madin, the designer of 103 Colmore Row, was born.
Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham. John Madin was born in this city and was the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
Birmingham born architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row. The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders in Birmingham.
Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of Birmingham which was the birthplace of architect, John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham (now led by the Labour Party) and designed 103 Colmore Row.
Birmingham, led by the Labour Party, was the birthplace of John Madin who was the architect that designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is lead by The Labour Party.
Birmingham, which is lead by the Labour politician John Clancy, is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, born in Birmingham whose leader is Labour politician John Clancy.
Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham, this city is the hometown of Joh Madin, who was the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose home town is Birmingham, a town where Khalid Mahmood (British politician) is one of the leaders.
Khalid Mahmood is a British politician and one of the leaders of Birmingham which is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976, is located at Colmore Row and has 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors, and was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row, Birmingham, England and was completed in 1976 having 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 at Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham, England, it was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row, located in Birmingham, with 23 floors, was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
The building of 103 Colmore Row completed in 1976 is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors.
108 St Georges Terrace which has 50 floors, was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars.
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120m Australian dollars.
108 St. Georges Terrace cost 120 million AUD, has a floor count of 50 and was completed in 1988.
Construction of 108 St Georges Terrace, Perth, Australia began in 1981.
108 St. Georges Terrace in Perth, Australia, began construction in 1981.
108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth, Australia. Its construction began in 1981.
108 St. Georges Terrace, completed in 1988, is located in Perth, Australia.
108 St. George's Terrace was completed in 1988 in Perth, Australia.
108 St Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39599.0 square metres and is located in Perth, Australia.
108 St. Georges Terrace boasts 50 floors and is located in Perth, Australia.
108 St. Georges Terrace in Perth, Australia has 50 floors.
The 108 St. Georges Terrace in Perth, Australia, has a floor count of 50.
11 Diagonal Street, with 20 floors, was designed by Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983.
Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors.
Helmut Jan designed 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors.
11 Diagonal Street (which had 20 floors) was designed by architect Helmut Jahn and is owned by Redefine Properties Limited.
The 20-floor 11 Diagonal Street designed by architect Helmut Jahn is owned by Redefine Properties Limited.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa. Cape Town is the capital city and its leader is Jacob Zuma.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, of which the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Jacob Zuma.
Cyril Ramaphose is one leader of South Africa, where Asian South Africans reside at 11 Diagonal Street.
The Asian South Africans group, under leadership of Cyril Ramaphosa, is located at 11 Diagonal Street in South Africa.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and some Asian South Africans live.
The White South Africans are an ethnic group in the country which has Cyril Ramaphosa as a leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located.
South Africa (led by Cyril Ramaphosa)) is the home of the ethnic group White South Africans and the location of 11 Diagonal Street.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa a country which has Jacob Zuma as its leader along with Cyril Ramaphosa.
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located.
Cyril Ramaphosa leads South Africa and another leader is Jacob Zuma. 11 Diagonal Street is located in that country.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa and Jacob Zuma is a leader in Asian South Africans.
South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street, and is home to the ethnic group of Asian South Africans. Jacob Zuma is a leader of the country.
Completed in 1985, 200 Public Square has 45 floors, covering 111484 square metres.
The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985, it is 111484 square metres and has a floor count of 45.
200 Public Square, in Cleveland, Ohio 44114 and completed in 1985, has 45 floors.
200 Public Square, which has 45 floors and was completed in 1985, is located in Cleveland, Ohio 44114.
200 Public Square, completed in 1985, has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland, Ohio 44114.
200 Public Square, U.S. completed in 1985 has 45 floors.
200 Public Square completed in 1985 has 45 floors and is located in the U.S.
200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors, it was completed in 1985.
The 200 Public Square has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland.
200 Public Square which has 45 floors was completed in Cleveland in 1985.
200 Public Square in Cleveland completed in 1985 has 45 floors.
With a floor count of 45, 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland in the United States.
200 Public square, with 45 floors, is in Cleveland, United States.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland, United States.
200 Public square is in Cleveland,United States and the governing body is Cleveland City Council.
Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland in the United States where 200 Public Square is located.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States.
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States, it's home to 200 public square.
The US is home to 200 Pubic Square in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where 200 Public Square is located.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County in Ohio.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, Ohio and is located in United States.
200 Public Square is located in the United States in Cleveland, Ohio.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio and Frank G Jackson is a leader.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, Ohio where 200 Public Square is located.
200 Public Square in Public Square, Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors.
200 Public Square in Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street, completed April 2014, has 34 floors and floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
20 Fenchurch Street, completed in April 2014, has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has 34 floors which cover an area of 62145.3 square metres.
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London, the leader of which is Boris Johnson.
20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London( the leader of which is Boris Johnson) has 34 floors.
Boris Johnson is a leader in London where 20 Fenchurch Street with 34 floors is located.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is lead by Boris Johnson. London is lead by the European Parliament.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London. London is lead via the European Parliament and Boris Johnson is its leader.
20 Fenchurch Street is in London where the leader is Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Boris Johnson is the leader in London, where the Parliament of the United Kingdom and 20 Fenchurch Street are situated.
20 Fenchurch Street, with 34 floors, is located within the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the monarch.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floor and is located in The United Kingdom; which is lead by Elizabeth II.
20 Fenchurch Street, which has 34 floors, is located in the United Kingdom, which has Elizabeth II as its Queen.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and the demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people.
Natives of the UK are known as British and the currency is the pound sterling. The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom whose natives are called British people and whose currency is Pound sterling.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where the native people are known as the British people. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II and whose natives are called British people.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which uses the pound sterling as currency. The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 and has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres.
Delaware Avenue, which has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square meters, began construction in January of 2014.
110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue, with its 12 floors and 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors, it's construction began in January 2014 is located in Buffalo, New York.
January 2014 was the start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue which has 12 floors in Buffalo, New York.
The 12 floor construction project of 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York, is set to began in January 2014.
There are 12 floors at 250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, with a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, New York, it has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York which is a part of Erie County and the leader is Byron Brown.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, Erie County, New York, where the leader is Byron Brown.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York where the leader is Byron Brown.
250 Delaware Avenure is located in Buffalo, New York; which is lead by Byron Brown.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, New York where Byron Brown is the leader.
The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilton. It was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
Pickard Chilton designed 300 North LaSalle that was finished in 2009. It has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, has 60 floors and was completed in 2009.
300 North LaSalle, Chicago, was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, it has 60 floors and was completed in 2009.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, U.S., and Susana Mendoza is the leader.
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( United States), where 300 North LaSalle is located.
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago, US. In this city we can find 300 North LaSalle.
200 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, US.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois in the United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois where Susana Mendoza is a leader.
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (Cook County, Illinois) where 300 North LaSalle is located.
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (Cook County, Illinois), where 300 North LaSalle is located.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Dupage County, Illinois, U.S.
Located in the United States is 300 North LaSelle, a part of the DuPage Country in Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago in the DuPage County of Illinois within the United States.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, who's leader is Susana Mendoza, and is a part of DuPage County Illinois.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, (part of DuPage County Illinois), which is led by Susana Mendoza.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois where the leader is Susana Mendoza.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County Illinois, with Rahm Emanuel being the leader of Chicago.
Chicago, Cook County, Illinois is home to 300 North La Salle and their leader is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, Cook County Illinois. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in the city of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle that was completed in 2009 which is located in Illinois.
300 North LaSalle, with 60 floors and completed in 2009, is in Illinois.
The American George Winckler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building, of which construction began in 1910.
The United States architect George Winkler designed the 320 South Boston Building completed in 1929.
The US architect George Winckler was the architect for the 320 South Boston Building completed in 1929.
320 South Boston Building, designed by architect George Winkler of the United States of America, was completed in 1929.
In 1929 the 320 South Boston Building was completed with 22 floors and a height of 121.92 metres.
The 320 South Boston Building, which was completed in 1929, has a height of 121.92 meters and 22 floors.
The company Populous is the architect of 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin. and completed in December 2008.
The architect of 3Arena, in North Wall Dublin and completed in December 2008, is Populous.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed December 2008 and is located on the East Link Bridge.
Hok Sve designed the 3Arena completed in December 2008 and located at East Link Bridge.
3 Arena, designed by the Populous company, was completed in December 2008 and is located at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena at East Link Bridge was designed by Populous and completed in December 2008.
The 3Arena (designed by the company Populous) is located at East Link Bridge and was completed in December 2008.
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company and completed in December 2008, is located on North Wall Quay.
The company Populous were the architects of the 3Arena on North Wall Quay which was completed in December 2008.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, completed December 2008 and located at North Wall, Dublin.
3Arena, completed in December 2008 is located at North Wall, Dublin. HOK SVE was the architect.
3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin, was designed by HOK SVE and completed in December 2008.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena in Dublin part of Leinster is owned by Live National Entertainment.
3Arena is located in Dublin, which is a part of Leinster, and owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin. The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament.
The owner of 3Arena in Dublin is Live Nation Entertainment. European Parliament leads Dublin.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, and owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena, located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The owner of 3Arena in Dublin is Live Nation Entertainment. The Lord Mayor of the city was Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment is located.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, 3Arena is located in Dublin, Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor of Dublin.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment is located.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, where 3Arena is located and owned by Live Nation Enternainment.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, which is lead by Dáil Éireann.
Marriott International, with Bill Marriott as a key leader, is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Bill Marriott is one of the key people at the Marriott International which is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Marriott International, tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, was founded in Washington, D.C.
The Marriot International, originally founded in Washington, D.C., is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, located in Denmark, is a tenant of Marriott International Hotel, which includes key figure Bill Marriott.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark which has a tenant called the Marriott International. Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International.
Marriot International, helped by Bill Marriott, is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is leader at the Marriott International.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is a leader of Denmark which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where the prime minister is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Margrethe II of Denmark is located at the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark, whose leader is Margrethe ll.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is tenanted by Marriott International is located.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark,Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel. Marriott International was founded in Washington DC.
Marriott International, founded in Washington, D.C., is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. It was designed by the architectural firm 3XN.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is owned by Bella Centre, has 23 floors and the architect was 3XN.
The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and tenanted by Marriott International.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors is Bella Center and the tenant is Marriott International.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and its tenant is the Marriott International.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky (designed by architect 3XN) in Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen and the architect was 3XN.
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was 3XN and the tenant of the hotel is the Marriott International Hotel.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is Marriott International.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen; which is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors.
Architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor, the building of which started in 1700 and was completed in 1862.
The building of the Adare Manor started in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architects James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862, opened in 1700 and was designed by James Pain and George Richard Pain.
James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by JP McManus.
The architects for Adare Manor completed in 1862 were James Pain and George Richard Pain. The Manor is owned by JP McManus.
Adare Manor, owned by J. P. McManus, was designed by James and George Richard Pain and its construction was completed in 1862.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and was completed in 1862.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by JP McManus.
The JP McManus owned Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and was completed in 1862.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor which was begun in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick.
The building of Adare Manor, started in 1700 and completed in 1862, was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick.
The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862 and was started in 1700 and designed by Augustus Pugin.
The construction of Adare Manor began in 1700 and was completed in 1862. The manor was designed by Augustus Pugin.
Adare Manor's was designed by Augustus Pugin. completed in 1862 but the building's start was in 1700.
The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and completed in 1862, with the architect being George Richard Pain.
The construction of Adare Manor, with architectural design by George Richard Pain, began in 1700 and was completed in 1862.
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor, which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor building which construction started in 1700 and completed in 1862.
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor, the building of which began in 1700 and was completed in 1862.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor, the construction of which began in 1700 and was completed in 1862.
The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland which is lead by Enda Kenny. Irish people inhabit that country.
Republic of Ireland is the location of the Adare Manor, is run by leader Enda Kenny and the natives are Irish people.
Adare Manor is in the Irish speaking Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny.
The Republic of Ireland is lead by Enda Kenny, Irish is the official language and is home to Adare Manor.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, where one of the official languages is Irish and the leader is Enda Kenny.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, Munster, County Limerick.
Adare Manor is in Adare, Munster, County Limerick.
Adare Manor is in Adare, part of Munster in County Limmerick.
Adare Manor can be found in Adare,County Limerick, Munster.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa in the country of Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Aabba City Hall are situated in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa in Ethiopia is the location of the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall can both be found in Ethiopia.
Construction on Addis Ababa City Hall, which has a 140000.0 (square metres) floor area, began in 1961 and was completed in 1964.
Addis Ababa City Hall, started in 1961 and completed in 1964, has a 140000.0 (square metres) floor area.
In 1964 the Addis Ababa City Hall was completed with a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres) and a total height of 42 metres.
Addid Ababa City Hall, completed in 1964, is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
In 1927 the construction of Adisham Hall in Haputale began in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall, located in Haputale, was started in 1927 and built in the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean".
Adisham Hall, located in Hautale, Sri Lanka, is in the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean" and was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale was finished in 1931 and is in theTudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall in Haputale was finished in 1931 and is of the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Haputale's Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style but it was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of that country.
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka, the country where, in Haputale, Adisham Hall is located.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, the country of which Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka, whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, is home to Adisham Hall in Haputale.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is the Tamil language.
Tamil is the language of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka which has the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The language spoken in Sri Lanka is Tamil.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka, the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Sri Lanka, lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe with the official language being Tamil, is home to Adisham Hall.
Ranil Wickremsinghe is the leader of Tamil speaking Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located.
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka where one of the leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe and they speak Tamil.
Adisham Hall, completed in 1931 in the architectural Tudor Revival style, is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Admisham Hall completed in 1931 with a Tudor Revival style is located at Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka was built in Tudor Revival style and finished in 1931.
The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum located in the city of Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Japan, which is part of Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita Prefecture, which is in Akita, Akita, Japan.
Akita in the province of the same name, Japan, is home to the Akita Museum of Art.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, Akita Prefecture and has an ethnic group of Koreans.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture of Japan, one of the ethnic groups of which are Koreans.
The address of Akita Musuem of Art is 142 Nakadori, it has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and a total floor area of 3746.66 (square metres). It is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita; Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Akita is located in Japan. In that city there is a museum of Art with the same name and it is part of Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture in Japan.
Located in the United States, The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, the address of which is 101 Ukrop Way.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way.
Alan B Miller Hall, tenant of The Mason School of Business, is located at 101 Ukrop Way in the United States.
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business located in the United States.
The Mason School of Business in the US are currently tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall.
Alan B Miller Hall built in the Georgian architecture style currently hosts the US Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business currently tenant Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in the United States.
Alan B. Miller Hall in the U.S. was completed on June 1st, 2009 and has a tenant called the The Mason School of Business.
The Alan B. Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009 and currently hosts the US Mason School of Business.
Located in the United States, the Mason School of Business currently live in the Alan B. Miller Hall, a building which cost 75 million dollars.
The Mason School of Business, located in the United States, is the current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall, which cost 75 million dollars.
The Alan B. Miller Hall in the United States cost 75 million dollars. The current tenants are The Mason School of Business.
Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Robert A M Stern is the architect of Alan B Miller Hall, owned by The College of William & Mary and located in Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which is owned by The College of William and Mary, is situated in Virginia and was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
Alan B Miller Hall which has a Georgian style of architecture is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Virginia.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia which has the Georgian architectural style.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, that is situated in Virginia and built in the Georgian architecture style.
The College of William and Mary own the Alan B. Miller Hall that was completed on June 1, 2009 and is located in Virginia.
Alan B Miller Hall which is owned by the College of William and Mary was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located in Virginia.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, was completed June 1st, 2009 and is owned by The College of William and Mary.
Mason School of Business, located in the United States, is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall, that is situated in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia United States. The current tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business.
Alan B. Miller Hall, located in The United States in Virginia, includes current tenant The Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of The Alan B Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia which is in the United States.
Alan B. Miller Hall is in Virginia, U.S. and Mason School of Business are tenants there.
Alan B. Miller Hall is situated in Virginia, United States, and has the Mason School of Business as a tenant.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, U.S.
Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall, which is situated in Virginia in the United States.
The College of William and Mary is owned by Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia. It was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.
The Alan B. Miller Hall, designed by the architect Robert A.M. Stern, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia, and owned by the College of William and Mary.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Georgian styled Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia, which was built in the Georgian style of architecture.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, it is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and has an Georgian architectural style.
Alan B. Miller Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009 in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Alan B Miller Hall (located in Williamsburg, Virginia) is owned by The College of William and Mary and was completed on June 1st 2009.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, at the following addres: Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
Amdavad ni Gufa located in India whose leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad, India was completed in 1995.
Amdavad ni Gufa, completed in 1995, is located in Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa, located in Ahmedabad (India), was completed in 1995.
Narendra Modi leads India, a country where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Narendra Modi is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India and the name of the leader in that country is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at, Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, which is in India.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is Lalbhai Dalpathbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat, India.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa, located in Gujarat (India), is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 and is located in Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 in Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is in Gujarat, India, was completed in 1995.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India and has Narendra Modi as the prime minister.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, whose leader is Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, which is lead by Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India and is lead by Sumitra Mahajan.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat which is in the Indian city of Ahmedabad.
Located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, Ampara Hospital has 476 beds.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is situated in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District in the Easter Province of Sri Lanka.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Provice, Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital is located.
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka, whose leader is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka in Ampara Distract. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District of Sri Lanka, which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, which is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura.
Sri Lanka's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte; it's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it houses Ampara Hospital.
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County Texas.
Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County, Texas. He designed the Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House .
The architect Alfred Giles was born in England and he died in Kendall County, Texas. He was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, which was was built in 1911 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places..
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas and was built in 1911. It holds the Reference Number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas. It was constructed in 1911. It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 in Asherton Texas and was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located in Asherton, Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 and is located in Asherton, Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and was built in 1911. It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House built in 1911 is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Dimmit County, Texas. United States.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas, U.S. and is part of Dimmit County, Texas.
Asherton , Texas is in Dimmit County, Texas in the United States. Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas.
Asherton, Texas is part of Dimmit County, Texas in the United States. Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is in Asherton.
Asherton, Texas is part of Dimmit County, Texas, United States. Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Dimmit County, Texas, United States.
Californian born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and other significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach.
Julian Morgan, born in California, designed the significant Asilomar State Beach and the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan,born in California, was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan born in San Francisco was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference. One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan (born San Francisco) designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also Asilomar State Beach.
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and also significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco and of the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan, San Francisco native, is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and also designed other significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and The Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan who was born in California has designed many significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the grounds of Asilomar Conference.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan, architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds, designed the significant Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and The Riverside Art Museum.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan at the Riverside Art Musuem in California.
Californian born Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also the significant building of the Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan, who is from California, was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and The Riverside Art Musuem.
Julia Morgan was the architect and designer of many significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach, the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
The architect Julia Morgan designed several significant buildings including the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan. The Riverside Art Musuem and the Asilmar State Beach are some of Julia Morgan's significant buildings.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California. It was constructed in 1913 and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 and located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places.
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds (constructed 1913) is Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and it holds the Reference Number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove California. It was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1923 and located on Asilomar Blvd in Pacific Grove, California, is designed based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, were constructed in 1913 and designed based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 is located in Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove, California, reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places , was constructed in 1913.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913 and was added to The National Register of Historic Places February 27, 1987.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 at Pacific Grove, California is based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove, California was constructed in 1913 and is based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is one of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows constructed in 1913 in Pacific Grove, California.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and located on Asser Levy Place & East 23rd Street, was added to The National Register of Historic Places April 23, 1980.
The Asser Levy Public Baths built in 1904 are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1980-04-23".
The Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904 in Asser Levy Place on East 23rd Street, were added to the National Register of historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths located on 23rd Street, Manhattan was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 and has the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located on 23rd Street Manhattan, was added to the National Register of Historic Places April 23, 1980 and has reference number: 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street (Manhattan). It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths built in 1904 is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 under reference number 80002709 and is located on Avenue A, Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 having the Reference Number of 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths is in Avenue A, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in April 23, 1980 with a Reference Number of 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904, are located in Manhattan and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan, built in 1904, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 is located in Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
Located in New York City, Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. Their reference number in the Register is 80002709.
Asser Levy Public baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City, United States.
The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City (part of New Netherland) US.
Asser Levy Public Baths located in New York City (United States), that used to be part New Netherland.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in the United States in New York City, which used to be part of New Netherland.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, part of New York in the US.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City (United States) which is part of New York.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Brooklyn, New York City (part of New Netherland).
Brooklyn is part of New York City where The Asser Levy Public Baths are located, and which is in New Netherland.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City, which contains Brooklyn and is part of New Netherland.
Manhattan and Brooklyn are parts of New York City, the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan as is Brooklyn.
Manhattan is part of New York City, which was part of New Netherland, and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City, Manhattan ( a part of New Netherland).
The Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan, New York City are part of New Netherland.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York. Brooklyn is a part of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of New York and also incorporates Brooklyn.
New York City, New York, Manhattan is the location of the Asser Levy Public Baths.
Asser Levy Public baths are in Manhattan, New York City, New York.
Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City, New York, Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect Jhon Madin who was born in birgmingham where the leader is the conservative party (UK).
Birmingham, led by the Conservative Party, was the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The Liberal Democrats lead Birmingham, home town of architect John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row.
John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row, comes from Birmingham, which is run by the Liberal Democrats.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, which is a part of Leinster, in the Republic of Ireland.
3 Arena is located in Dublin (in the Republic of Ireland) which is a part of Leinster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
Ethiopia is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn and is the location of the Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader.
Malatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, which is led by Malatu Teshome.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of the same name in Ethiopia, a leader of which is Mulatu Teshome.
Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leader. Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethopia's Addis Ababa, which is run by Mulatu Teshome.
Addis Ababa is located in Ethiopia. The current leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome also Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Ethiopia.
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat, India, the location of Amdavad ni Gufa.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, which is led by Anandiben Patel.
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Guarat, India, home to Amadavad ni Gufa.
People who live in India are known as Indian. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country which is lead by Sumitra Mahajan.
The residents of India are the Indian people and the country is lead by Sumitra Mahajan. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country.
T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
While the leader of India is Narendra Modi, another leader is TS Thakur, and Amdavad ni Gufa is a location in India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, the country where the leader is T S Thakur and the prime minister is Narendra Modi.
T S Thakur is a leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India which is has a leader called T.S. Thakur.
T S Thakur is a leader in India, which is the country where Amdavad ni Gufa (Ahmedabad) is located.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur is a leader of India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat in India, which is lead by T S Thakur.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, where the leader isT S Thakur and the demonym for people living there is Indian.
The residents of India are known as the Indian people. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country which is lead by T S Thakur.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, where the leader is called T S Thakur and the people are called Indian.
Based in Bethesda, Maryland, the Marriot International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Marriott International, founded in Washington DC, is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International, the company which was founded in Washington, D.C. and is now based in Bethesda, Maryland.
Irish English is the official language of Ireland, which is lead by Enda Kenny and home to Adare Manor.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, the leader of this country is Enda Kenny and one of the languages used is English.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which capital is Washington D.C. and John Roberts is the Chief of Justice.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. and where John Roberts is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States. The capital is Washington DC and John Roberts is a leader.
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States where the capital city is Washington DC. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which are lead by Paul Ryan and whose capital is Washington D.C.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States where the native language is English. 250 Delaware Avenue is also located there.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where English is the main language and one of its leaders is Joe Biden.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, English is the language of the United States and Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States in which English is the language and is home to 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which is lead by Paul Ryan.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where they speak English and are lead by Paul Ryan.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
President Barack Obama is leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
President Joe Biden leads the United States which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where President John Roberts is leader.
The United States is lead by the President of the United States. One of the leaders is John Roberts, and 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the Chief Justice is John Roberts and the leader's title is President of the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, with Paul Ryan being the President of the United States.
Paul Ryan's title as leader is President of the United States. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. The leader of this country has the title President of the United States, which in this case is Paul Ryan.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham, England was completed in 1976 and designed by John Madin. It has 23 floors.
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England. It was designed by the architect, John Madin, has 23 floors and the building of it was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England, with 23 floors, was designed by the architect John Madin and was completed in 1976.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row which has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
Designed by architect John Madin, 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976, is comprised of 23 floors and is located at Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row, designed by John Madin (born in Birmingham) is located in Colmore Row, Birmingham, England. It's architectural style is Brutalist.
An example of Brutalist architecture, 103 Colmore Row, in Birmingham, was conceived by local-born architect John Madin.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in the city. The architectural style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The building is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture".
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row and designed by John Madin born in Birmingham. It has the Brutalist architecture style.
103 Colmore Row (located in Colmore Row) is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture", and was designed by Birmingham born architect, John Madin.
Born in Birmingham, John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row, which was completed in 1976 in Colmore Row, Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row, in Birmingham, England, was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham; it was completed in 1976.
John Madin was an architect who was born in Birmingham. He designed 103 Colmore Row, which was completed in 1976.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham and designed 103 Colmore Row which was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row, completed in 1976, is located at Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin, born in Birmingham.
Designed by the architect John Madin (born in Birmingham), 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and is located in Birmingham, England.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, England, and designed 103 Colmore Row which has 23 floors and is located in the city.
John Madin (born in Birmingham) was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. Colmore Row, which is a 23 floor building.
Consisting of 23 floors, 103 Colman Row is located in Colman Row and was designed by Birmingham born, John Madin.
The 23 floor building at 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was designed by John Madin, a local architect.
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in Birmingham, England.
103 Colmore Row (located in Birmingham, England) has 23 floors, work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin and it is located in Birmingham. It has 23 floors and it was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was completed in 1976 with 23 floors and was designed by the architect John Madin.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham, Alabama, designed by architect John Main, has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
108 St. Georges Terrace a 39599 square metre, 50 floor building, was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars.
108 St. Georges Terrace was completed in 1988, has 50 floors, is 39599 square meters and cost 120m Australian dollars.
108 St. Georges Terrace, which was completed in 1988, has a floor area of 39599.0 square metres. It has 50 floors, and cost 120 million AUD.
108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth, Australia it was completed in 1988 and is made up of 50 floors.
The 108 St. Georges Terrace, located in Perth, Australia, has 50 floors and completed in 1988.
108 St Georges Terrace, Perth, Australia was completed in 1988 with 50 floors.
The 120 million Australian dollar 108 St Georges Terrace in Perth has 50 floors.
108 St Georges Terrace in Perth, Australia has 50 floors and cost 120 million AUD.
108 St. Georges Terrace is located in Perth, Australia. It has 50 floors, and it cost 120m Australian dollars to build.
Construction of 11 Diagonal Street began in 1978 and finished in 1983 with 20 floors. The architect was Helmut Jahn.
Helmut Jahn is the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was begun in 1978 and completed in 1983 with 20 floors.
The building at 11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 , 5 years after the street itself was build in 1978. It is a 20 floor structure designed by Helmut Jahn.
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn and it was completed in 1983. It has 20 floors and a floor area of 1200 square metres.
11 Diagonal Street was designed by Helmut Jahn and was completed in 1983. It has 20 floors and an area of 1200 square metres.
Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 with 20 floors and a total floor area of 1200 square metres.
Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which is owned by Redefine Properties Limited and completed in 1983 with 20 floors.
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street which was designed by the architect Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 with 20 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is a 20 floor Helmut Jahn building, completed in 1983 and owned by Redefine Properties Ltd.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital of South Africa, and ethnic groups are the white South Africans and the coloured.
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital. White South Africans are one of several ethnic groups in the country. Also, one of the streets in the country is 11 Diagonal Street.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, Cape Town and white South Africans are called "Coloured" people.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital and Cyril Ramaphosa as leader. Coloured people are an ethic group of this country.
In South Africa (where the capital is Cape Town) there are many ethnic groups, one of which is called the Coloured, Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders and 11 Diagonal Street is located there.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, (the capital of which is Cape Town), a country where White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town, Cyril Ramaphosa is a leader and the white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which has the capital city of Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups within the country is Asian South Africans.
One of the ethnic groups of South Africa, where the leader is Jacob Zuma, are the Asian South Africans. The capital city is Cape Town and 11 Diagonal Street is located within the country.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the leader is Jacob Zuma and the capital is Cape Town. Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which is lead by Jacob Zuma. The capital city is Cape Town and the coloured people are one of the ethnic groups.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, Cape Town, and the leader is Jacob Zuma of the White South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa (led by Jacob Zuma), where Cape Town is the capital and white South Africans are an ethnic group.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town, and key leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town. Two leaders of South Africa are Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa.
Lead by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma, South Africa has the capital Cape Town and is the location of the address 11 Diagonal Street.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders. In the country there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans.
Lead by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma, South Africa is the location of the address 11 Diagonal Street and has the ethnic group of Asian South African.
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders of South Africa, a country where one ethnic group is coloured people and location of 11 Diagonal Street.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma; coloured people are a major ethnic group here.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, a country with an ethic group White South Africans, led by either Cyril Ramaphosa or Jacob Zuma.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the country which has Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma as leaders and where one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans.
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located and the white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups.
Completed in 1985, 200 Public Square has 45 floors and 111484 square meters space, and can be found in Cleveland, Ohio, 44114.
200 Public Square in Cleveland, Ohio was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors and measures 111464 square meters.
200 Public square is located in the United States. It has 45 floors, is 111484 square metres, and was completed in 1985.
200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors, a total area of 111484 square metres and was completed in 1985.
Completed in 1985 in the United States, 200 Public Square has 45 floors and floor area of 111484 meters.
200 Public Square, with 45 floors covering 111484 square metres, is located in Cleveland and was completed in 1985.
200 Public Square, Cleveland, with 45 floors covering 111484 square metres, was completed in 1985.
200 Public Square which was completed in 1985 has 45 floors with a total area of 111484 square metres, is located in Cleveland.
200 Public Square which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and it has a floor count of 45. Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
The 45 floor 200 Public Square building is in Cuyahoga County, Cleveland, Ohio in the United States.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square, Cleveland, Ohio, which is in the United States.
With a floor count of 45, 200 Public Square is located in Ohio, Cleveland, in the United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cuyahoga County, Cleveland, Ohio in the United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, U.S., which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G. Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
Part of the Cuyahoga Country in Ohio if the United States, Cleveland has the leader Frank G Jackson and is the location of the 200 Public square.
200 Public Square is located Cuyahoga County, Cleveland Ohio. Frank G Jackson is leader in Ohio.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio; Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States and the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio, a city in the United States that is governed by the Cleveland City Council.
With the governing body of Cleveland City Council, Cleveland can be found within Ohio, United States, and is the location of 200 Public Square.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States and whose leader is Frank G Jackson, which is governed by the Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, whose leader is Frank G Jackson, and the Cleveland City Council is the governing body.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, United States, whose leader is Frank G Jackson and the governing body is Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Ohio, United States (local leader Frank G Jackson).
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Ohio in the U.S. Frank G. Jackson is a leader in Cleveland.
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres and a floor count of 45. The building is located in Public Square, Cleveland and was completed in 1985.
Completed in 1985 with 45 floors and 111484 square meters floor area, 200 Public Square can be found in Public Square, Cleveland.
The 200 Public Square was completed in 1984. It is located at Public Square, Cleveland; it has a floor count of 45 and a floor area of 111,484 square metres.
The building at 20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009 and completed in April 2014. It has 34 floors, and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
20 Fenchurch St. was started in Jan. 2009 and completed in April, 20014. It has 34 floors and is 62145.3 square meters.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres, constructionof it began in January 2009 and was completed in April 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street, a Rafael Vinoly building, is in London, a city linked to the European Parliament and headed by Boris Johnson as Mayor.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London, which is led by the European Parliament. Rafael Vinoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street, which is located in London.
20 Fenchurch Street, London was designed by the architect Rafael Vinoly. Boris Johnson is a leader of London which is lead by the European Parliament.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34 and is located in London whose leader is Boris Johnson although London is lead via the European Parliament.
Boris Johnson is the leader in London. 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and is located in London. London is lead to the European Parliament.
20 Fenchurch Street was designed by architect Rafael Vinoly and it is located in London. London is governed by the UK Parliament and the leader of London is Boris Johnson.
20 Fenchurch Street in London was designed by Rafael Vinoly. A leader of London is Boris Johnson along with the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
20 Fenchurch Street, designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly, is located in London which is governed by Boris Johnson and the United Kingdom's Parliament.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London and has 34 floors. London is lead by Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Boris Johnson is a leader in London where 20 Fenchurch Street which has 34 floors is located. The Parliament of the UK leads London.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, England, has 34 floors, is in the Parliament of the United Kingdom and has a leader called Boris Johnson.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, of which the capital is London. The Leader of London, via the European Parliament, is called Boris Johnson.
London, the UK capital is lead via the European Parliament along with Boris Johnson. It is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which has the capital city of London and is lead via the European Parliament. The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
London, the capital of the United Kingdom is lead via the European Parliament and Elizabeth II. 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the UK.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London which is lead via the European Parliment although the leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street. The native people are known as British and the currency is the pound sterling.
The natives of the UK are the British people and the currency is the pound sterling. The country is lead by Elizabeth II and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars, has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12. It's start date was January 2014.
250 Delaware Ave. was begun in Jan 2014 and has 12 floors and measures 30843.8 square meters. It cost 110 million dollars.
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014, worth 110 million (dollars) that has 30843.8 (square metres), and a floor count of 12.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). Construction of the building began in January 2014.
250 Delaware Avenue construction began in January 2014 in Buffalo, New York with a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a total of 12 floors.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York, Erie County which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo, Erie County, New York where the leader is Byron Brown.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, in Erie County, where Byron Brown is the leader.
250 Delaware Avenue, United States, has 12 floors covering an area of 30843.8 square metres, and had a building start date of January 2014.
The building of 250 Delaware Avenue, United States began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 (square metres).
Located in the United States, 205 Delaware Avenue, construction of which began in January 2014, has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is made up of 12 floors.
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 (square metres).
250 Delaware Avenue was built for 110 million dollars and is located in the United States. It has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors with a total area of 20843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build.
Pickard Chilton designed 300 North LaSalle, Chicago, which has 60 floors and was completed in 2009.
Found in Chicago with 300 floors, the 300 North LaSalle was designed by architect Pickard Chilton and was completed in 2009 .
300 North LaSalle in Chicago was completed in 2009 has 60 floors and its designer is Pickard Chilton.
300 North LaSalle in Chicago has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009.
300 North LaSalle, Chicago is 120770.0 square metres, completed in 2009, and has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle, Chicago has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres. Construction of the building was completed in 2009.
Susan Mendoza is the leader of Chicago, Illinois, United States, the location of 300 North LaSalle.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., where Susana Mendoza is the leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois in the U.S. where the English language is spoken.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States where the leader is Susana Mendoza.
300 North Lasalle is in Cook County, Chicago, Illinois in the U.S. Susana Mendoza leads Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, which is a part of Cook County, Illinois, USA. The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
300 North Lasalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois, USA. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States, which is the location of 300 North La Salle.
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (part of Du Page County, Illinois, United States) where 300 North LaSalle is located.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The city leader is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is found in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago, which is located in Illinois State, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago, Illinois, United States where 300 North LaSalle is located.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States where Susana Mendoza is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois and the language of the area is the English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The language spoken in Illinois State is English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois (English being the language spoken there) in the United States.
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle, Illinois, which was completed in 2009 with 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, with 60 floors, was designed by Pickard Chilton and completed in 2009.
Pickard Chilton was the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Illinois which was completed in 2009 with 60 floors.
The building at 320 South Boston Street, formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building, is 121.92 metres, has 22 floors, and was completed in 1929.
The 320 South Boston Building formally known as the Exchange National Bank Building was completed in 1929 and has 22 floors and is 121.92 meters.
The 320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building and was completed in 1929. The building has a height of 121.92 metres and has 22 floors.
The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous, it is a 28.0 metres high concerts and events venue type building that was completed in December 2008.
The 3Arena (28.0 metres high) hosts concerts and events, and was designed by the Populous company, being completed in December 2008.
3Arena, 28.0 metres high, was designed by Populous. It was completed in December 2008 and is a concerts and events venue type building.
3Arena is located in Dublin, which is part of Leinster in the Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Dublin is lead by the European Parliament.
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena in Dublin, Republic of Ireland where the leader of the government is the European Parliament.
The 3Arena, located in Dublin (which is part of Leinster), is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, Leinster where the Lord Mayor is Criona Ni Dhalaigh.
3Arena is located in Dublin, the Republic of Ireland and it is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Dail Eireann is a leader in Dublin.
3Arena, Dublin, Republic of Ireland (where Dáil Éireann is a leader), is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is part of Marriott International. Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and a key member of staff is Bill Marriott.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark and has Marriott International as its tenant. It was designed by 3XN and has 23 floors.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, designed with 23 floors by 3XN, and currently tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel, is located in Denmark.
The 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen, is currently occupied by Marriott International. The hotel was designed by architect firm 3XN.
Marriott International, founded in Washington D.C., is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is located in Denmark. The Faroese language is spoken throughout Denmark.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel, a company which was founded in Washington D.C. The language Faroese is spoken in Denmark.
Marriott International (founded in Washington, D.C.) ia a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen (Copenhagen, Denmark), the Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark.
German is one of the languages spoken in Denmark which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark where one of the languages used is German.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark and has the Marriott International as a tenant. The Marriott was founded in Washington D.C. German is one language spoken in Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark, whose leader is Margrethe II. The tenant of this hotel is the Marriott International Hotel, which was founded in Washington, D.C.
Founded in Washington D.C., Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is located in Denmark, a country lead by Margrethe II.
AC Hotel Bella Sky, owned by Marriott International, is located in the Danish capital of Copenhagen. The Washington D.C. based company is the current tenant of the property. Margrethe II of Denmark is currently the Danish leader.
A key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC, is Bill Marriott. Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Demark.
Bill Marriott is one of the key people at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark.
Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C by Bill Marriott, it is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Marriott International (founded in Washington D.C.) is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the Prime Minister of Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors, 814 rooms, is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel.
With 23 floors and 814 rooms, AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has for a tenant Marriott International.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors and 814 rooms, and is owned by Bella Center.
Bella Center owns the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen, whose current tenant is Marriott International.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Marriott International, located at Copenhagen in the Bella Center, which has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Centre and has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland, which has Enda Kenny as leader, Irish as the national language, and the demonym of natives who live there is Irish people.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where the leader is Enda Kenny. The native people are known as Irish which is also the name of their language.
The Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where Irish is one of the official language's spoken and the currency used is the euro. Enda Kenny is the current leader for the republic.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which has Irish as the official language, the euro as currency and is lead by Enda Kenny,.
Adare Manor is in Adare, Munster in County Limerick. Limerick City and County Council govern County Limerick.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, Munster, County Limerick, which is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects for Adare Manor, located in Adare, County Limerick, which was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor was designed by architects James Pain and George Richard Pain and was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick and was completed in 1862 being designed by the architects James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor (completed in 1862) which is located in Adare in County Limerick.
Adare Manor in Adare, County Limerick was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor, a 1862 building in Adare, County Limerick, was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham.
Adare Manor, completed in 1862 by architect Philip Charles Hardwick, is located in Adare, in County Limerick.
Located in Adare in County Limerick, Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick.
Adare Manor, designed by Philip Charles Hardwick, was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Adare Manor, designed by architect George Richard Pain, was completed in Adare, County Limerick, in 1862.
Adare Manor, Adare, County Limerick, was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick and it was completed in 1862. Its architect is George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor, designed by James Pain and completed in 1862, is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Adare Manor, Adare, County Limerick was designed by the architect James Pain and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, was completed in 1862 and was designed by James Pain.
Adare Manor designed by Augustus Pugin is located in Adare in County Limerick and completed in 1862.
Augustus Pugin is the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare in County Limerick.
Designed by Augustus Pugin, the Adare Manor in County Limerick was completed in 1862.
Addis Ababa Stadium, named for its city location, is located in Amharic-speaking Ethiopia.
Both Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Amharic is spoken.
The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia. Amharic is spoken in Ethiopia.
Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Amharic is a language spoken there.
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in the city of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where the language spoken is Amharic.
Addis Ababa is situated in Ethiopia and the language spoken is Amharic. Here you will also find the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964; it has a height of 42 metres and 140000 square metres. Its current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall, which was completed in 1964 with a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall's completion date was in 1964. Its height is 42 meters and a floor area of 140000 square meters. One tenant is the Government of Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall, which was completed in 1964, has a height of 42 metres. Building commenced in 1961, and its floor area is 140000.0 (square metres).
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 140000.0 floor area, 42 metres high building, was built between 1961-1964.
Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961, it is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants.
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m high, 140,000-square meter facility which began construction in 1961, is currently occupied by the government of Addis Ababa.
Built between 1931 and 1927, Adisham Halls is located in Haputale and has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in Haputale in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Halls, constructed from 1927 to 1931, is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has architectural style`Tudor and Jacabian.
The architecture style of Adisham Hall, located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, is Tudor and Jacabia. building of it began in 1927 and was completed in 1931.
The architecture style of Adisham Hall, located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and constructed between 1927 and 1931 is Tudor and Jacobean.
Construction of Adisham Hall, Haputale, designed in the "Tudor Revival" style, began in 1927 and was finished in 1931.
Construction of Adisham Hall, Haputale (designed in Tudor Revival style) began in 1927 and ended in 1931.
Construction of Adisham Hall, Haputale (which has the Tudor Revival architectural style) began in 1927 and was completed in 1931.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe. The country is the location of Adisham Hall in Haputale.
Sri Lanka's leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, a country where Tamil is the language and one of the leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe, and main speech in use around the area is the Tamil language.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputalethe, Sri Lanka, where Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital and the Tamil language is spoken.
Tamil is the language spoken in Sri Lanka, whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Also in Sri Lanka is Adisham hall which is located in Haputale.
Haputale, Sri Lanka is the location of Adisham Hall. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of the countries leaders and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotta is the capital city.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language is Tamil.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language of the country is Tamil.
Adisham Hall is situated in Haputale in Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language spoken is Tamil.
Adisham Hall was constructed in the Tudor Revival style between 1927 and 1931 in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It was started in 1927 and finished in 1931. The hall's style of architecture is Tudor Revival.
The Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan has three floors.
Japan is the location of the Akita Museum of Art (which has 3 floors) in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
There is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan, where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people.
The city of Akita is part of the Akita Prefecture in Japan where the main ethnic group are the Japanese and is also the location of the Akita Museum of Art.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan, where the main ethnic group is the Japanese.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where the Japanese are the main ethnic group. The Museum is situated in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan and is part of Akita Prefecture. There are an ethnic group of Koreans in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The Koreans are one of the country's ethnic groups.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country of Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans.
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
Designed by architect Tadao Ando, the Akita Museum of Art is Located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan.
The architect of Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan is Tadao Ando.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan and was designed by the architect Tadao Ando,.
Akita Museum of Art can be found in the Akita Prefecture in the city of Akita in Japan, where the ethnic group is the Filipinos.
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 2746.66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th September 2013.
The Akita Museum of Art at "1-4-2 Nakadori" has 3 floors with an area of 3746.66 square metres; it was inaugurated on 28th September 2013.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture that is part of Japan, a country where there is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, in the Akita Prefecture in Japan, a country with the ethnic group of the Vietnamese people.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita, Akita, is part of the Akita Prefecture and the ethnic group is Vietnamese people.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan, where some Chinese people live.
The Akita Museum of Art is locacted in Akiita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. In Japan there is an ethnic group of Chinese people.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which in turn is part of Akita Prefecture., Japan. Located in Japan are an ethnic group of Chinese people.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. Filipinos are one ethic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita, Akita, Japan. Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan, a country which has as an ethnic group Vietnamese people.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita, Akita Japan. An ethnic group in that country is Vietnamese.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which was completed on 1 June 2009, is located on 101 Ukrop Way. The current tenants are The Mason School of Business, which is located in the United States.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. Alan B Miller Hall was completed on the 1st June, 2009 and it is located at 101 Ukrop Way.
The address of Alan B. Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way and it was completed on "1 June 2009". The current tenants are the US based Mason School of Business.
The Georgian Alan B Miller Hall, designed by Robert A M Stern in Virginia USA, currently houses the Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business located in the United States, are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall (also known as Robert A M Stern), Alan B Miller hall has a Georgian architectural style.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall, in the United States, which was designed in a Georgian style by Robert A.M. Stern.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is located in the United States. The architect of the Hall is Robert A M Stern and the building was completed on 1st June 2009.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. The Hall was completed on the 1st June, 2009 and the architect was Robert A. M. Stern.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in the United States. This was designed by Robert A.M Stern and completed on 1st June 2009.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States which was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern.
The current tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States are the Mason School of Business.
Alan B Miller Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 in Virginia, United States. The current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009 and is situated in Virginia, in the United States.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed on June 1st 2009 and is located in Virginia, United States.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary, and was designed by Robert A.M. Stern, where it was completed on June 1st, 2009.
Alan B. Miller Hall Virginia was designed by Robert A.M. Stern was completed on June 1, 2009. The College of William and Mary is the owner of that hall.
The Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, designed by Robert A.M. Stern, was completed on 1st June 2009 and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia.
Alan B. Miller Hall, completed on 1st June 2009, is owned by The College of William and Mary and is situated in 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia.
The College of William and Mary own Alan B. Miller Hall. Alan B. Millar Hall is situated at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia and it was completed on the 1st June, 2009.
The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia which is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mary. The current tenant is the US based Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business is currently located in the Alan B. Miller Hall, owned by the College of William and Mary. Alan B. Miller is located in Virginia, in the United States of America.
Alan B Miller Hall, owned by the College of William and Mary, and with the Mason School of Business as the current tenants, is located in Virginia, United States.
Alan B. Miller Hall is situated in Virginia, United States and is owned by the College of William and Mary. The Mason School of Business are the current tenants.
Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and completed on June 1, 2009. It's owner is the College of William and Mary.
The Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary, was designed by Robert A M Stern and completed on June 1st, 2009.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, which is owned by the College of William and Mary.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia. The current tenant is the US based Mason School of Business.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall in The United States which is owned by the College Of William and Mary where Robert Gates once served as chancellor.
Owned by the College of William and Mary (the chancellor of which is Robert Gates), Alan B. Miller Hall is tenanted by the Mason School of business which is located in the United States.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B. Millar Hall and it is located in the United States. The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall; the chancellor of the college is Robert Gates.
The Mason School of Business, which is located in the United States, are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary, which owns Alan B. Miller Hall.
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary who own the Alan B. Miler Hall in the United States .The current tenants are The Mason School of Business.
The College of William and Mary, with Chancellor Robert Gates, is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, United States, currently leased to the Mason School of Business.
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India; Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located Ahmedabad, Gujarat, in India a country where one of the leaders is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad, and was completed in 1995. It is located in Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat in India and was completed in 1995.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India and was completed in 1995.
Amdavad ni Gufa is situated in the city of Ahmedabad which is located in the state of Gujarat, India. The architect who designed the Amdavad ni Gufa is B V Doshi.
Designed by the architect B V Doshi, Amdavad nu Gufa can be found in Gujarat, Admedabad, India.
The architect B V Doshi designed Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, in India, whose leader is Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat, Ahmedabad in India, a country lead by Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad in India, whose prime minister is Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India, where Gujarat is lead by Anandiben Patel.
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujura, which is where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat, Ahmedaba, India, where the leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, and is in Gujarat. Gujarat once was lead by Anandiben Patel, of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and his name is Anandiben Patel.
The Gujarat Legislative Assembly is the leader of Gujarat where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District, in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka. The hospital's bed count is 476.
Ampara Hospital, located in the Ampara district of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, has 476 beds.
Amapara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District, an Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara district, in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District, in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Ampara, Ampara district, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Ampara District, Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando.
The Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara district, the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka were Austin Fernando is the leader.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the Ampara Hospital is located.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council lead by Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body and Austin Fernando is the leader.
Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, whose governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council.
Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka (with capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte), where Austin Fernando is the name of the leader.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of the country.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader, and they use the Sri Lankan rupee.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka (the currency of which is the Ski Lankan rupee), the leader of that province is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is in the Ampara district of Sri Lanka, a country with leader Ranil Wickremesinghe and capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Sri Lanka is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has the Ampara Hospital in an Ampara district in the Eastern Province.
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the region of Ampara District, in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a key leader.
Ampara Hospital can be found in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, a country lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the current leader. The hospital is situated in the Eastern Province where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body.
Ampara Hospital can be found in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, an area with the governing body of the Eastern Provincial Council, and the country is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of the governing body, the Eastern Provincial Council.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe. The leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka in it's Eastern Province. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader in the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Its leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
With the leader Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Sri Lanka is the location of Ampara Hospital and has the currency of the Ski Lankan rupee .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe, the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe, the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas and was built in 1911. The House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988 with the reference number 88002539.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, constructed in 1911, is located in Asherton, Texas, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on "1988-11-22" with the reference number 88002539.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton, Texas and was built in 1911. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 with the reference number 88002539.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and was constructed in 1911. It has been added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988, with a reference number of 88002539.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 on US Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22 with the Reference Number 88002539.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988 with the reference number 88002539.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco, including the Asilomar State Beach and Asilomar Conference Grounds.
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, Chinatown, San Francisco, and the significant building of Asilomar State Beach.
San Francisco born Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar State Beech and many buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransico and she designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald examiner building, a landmark in California. The Riverside Art Museum is also one of her significant buildings.
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building, the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed several significant buildings, such as the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Musuem, and the Asilomar State Beach.
Born in San Francisco, Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, The Riverside Art Museum and buildings of significance in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco designed Asilomar Conference grounds, The Riverside Art Museum and other significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco and also is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the Riverside Art Museum.
Californian born Julia Morgan designed the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach, Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, born in California, who also designed Chinatown in San Francisco and the Asilomar State Beach.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, along with the significant building of Asilomar State Beach and Chinatown in San Francisco.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan, born in California, who has designed many significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan was born in California, where she designed the Riverside Art Museum. One of the significant buildings that she designed was the Asilomar State Beach, and she has also designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Californian born Julia Morgan who also designed the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach, the Riverside Art Museum and the Asilomar Conference.
Julia Morgan was born in California. She designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Fransisco; the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan was born in California. She is the architect behind Chinatown in San Fransisco, the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum, which is one of her most significant buildings.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as being behind Chinatown in San Francisco and other significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum.
Asilomar Conference Grounds which are designed based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows" and have the reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places of 87000823, were constructed in 1913 at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places and was designed based on the architecture style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913 in the style of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows", is Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California; and it has the reference number "87000823" in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913, added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 where is has the reference number 87000823.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number "87000823".
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California having been constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, in Pacific Grove, California, and was constructed in 1913. They are an example of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows, and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds on Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27, 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California and were constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows". The Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places and architecturally is of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds built in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove, California and was built in the architectural style of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows". "87000823" is the reference number in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, California and it was constructed in 1913. Its architecture is of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows". It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Located in Pacific Grove, California, Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913, added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27nd February 1987 and is in the architectural style of the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Pacific Grove, California and they were constructed in 1913. Its architecture is "Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows" and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on the 27th February 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Stree, were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 withreference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths were built in 1904 and are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number is 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904 are in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths which was constructed in 1904 is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
Located on 23rd Street Manhatten, Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 where its reference number is 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 under reference 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and is located in Manhattan. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
located in Manhattan, Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 where it has the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
Built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980/04/23 (reference number 80002709), the Asser Levy Public Baths can be found in New York City.
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904 is New York City. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference Number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, parts of which are Brooklyn and Manhattan (where Gale Brewer is the leader).
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which has Manhattan (with Gale Brewer is its leader) and Brooklyn as districts within it.
Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New York, US.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City, Manhattan, New York, United States.
Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan which is part of New York City U.S. which is where Asser Levy Public Baths are located.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, part of Manhattan, in the United States. The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr is the leader of Manhattan.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, US, which is part of New Netherland. Brooklyn is one part of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, a part of which is Brooklyn. New York City was part of New Netherland and can be found in the United States.
New York City, USA where one can find Asser Levy Public Baths, is part of New Netherland and contains cities such as Brooklyn.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is located in the U.S. Both Manhattan and Brooklyn are also situated in New York.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. Manhattan and Brooklyn are both parts of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, USA, as is Brooklyn.
Brooklyn is part of New York City, which is also the location of Asser Levy Public Baths. New York City is part of New York, United States.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan, New York City, United States.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan, New York City, New York State, U.S.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States. Manhattan is one part of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin who was born in Birmingham which has the postcode area 'B' and is where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders.
John Madin, born in Birmingham, designed 103 Colmore Row. The B postcode is the postal code of Birmingham and the Liberal Democrats are leaders there.
Designer of 103 Colmore Row, John Madin's hometown was Birmingham, a town lead by the Liberal Democrats and the postcode area 'B'.
The architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row was born in Birmingham which has the B postcode and is lead by the Liberal Democrats.
Birmingham has the B postcode and one of the city leaders is Labour politician John Clancy. The architect who designed 103 Colmore Row, John Madin, was born in the city.
John Madin the architect who designed 130 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham which has the postcode 'B'and is where Labour politician John Clancy is leader.
103 Colmore Row was designed by Birmingham born architect John Madin. The British politician Khalid Mahmood is a leader in the city an the postcode is the letter B.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of Birmingham and the city has the postcode area 'B'.
Lead by Andrew Mitchell and with the postcode area 'B', Birmingham is the hometown of architect John Madin, whom designed 102 Colmore Row.
Birmingham, which has the B postcode is lead by Andrew Mitchell and is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The postal code of Birmingham is B and the leader is Andrew Mitchell.
The Conservative Party lead Birmingham which has the B postal code and is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham which is lead by the Conservative Party (UK). The city is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, UK (postcode area 'B'), governed by the Conservative Party.
The leader of Birmingham which has the B postcode is the Conservative Party (UK). The city is the home town of John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, from Birmingham, UK (postcode 'B'), governed by the Conservative Party.
Tory-controlled Birmingham (postcode area B), is home to John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia (leader: Hailemariam Desalegn). Addis Ababa is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and The Addis Ababa Stadium.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa (Ethiopia) which is also where the Addis Ababa stadium can be found. The leader of Ethiopa is Hailemariam Desalegn .
Ethiopia, led by Hailemariam Desalegn, is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium, both located in the city that named them.
Addis Ababa in Ethiopia (lead by Hailemariam Desalegn) is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium.
Both Addis Ababa Stadium and City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopa, whose leader is Hailemariam Desalegn.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethopia, where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader.
Ethiopa is lead by Hailemariam Desalegn and uses the Amharic language. The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethopia. Hailemariam Desalegn is the ruler, where the language spoken is Amharic.
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, a country with leader Mulatu Teshome.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome.
Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia which has a leader named Mulatu Teshome. Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are both in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Amharic is the national language, and their leader is Malatu Teshome.
Malatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia which has the Amharic language. Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa in the country.
Ethiopia is lead by Mulatu Teshome and has the spoken language of Amharic, and is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall, which can be found in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where main leaders are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
Addis Ababa City Hall can be found in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, a country lead by Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia along with Mulatu Teshome. Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country in the city of Addis Ababa.
Leaders in Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn. Addis City Hall, Ethiopia is in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia which is lead by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
Lead by Anandiben Patel, Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat, India, where India is lead by T S Thakur.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and T.S. Thakur was an Indian leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat India. Anandiben Patel is leader in Gujarat whilst TS Thakur is leader in India.
Two of India's leaders are Narendra Modi and T S Thakur. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in the country.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Two leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, a country which has the leaders T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, a country which prevously had the leader T. S. Thakur and now has leader Sumitra Mahajan.
The leader of India is called T S Thakur and another leader there is Sumitra Mahajan. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, in India, the country where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders of India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat India. Both T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders in India.
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India. Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India.
Japan, home to many Brazilians, is also home to the Akita Museum of Art, founded and located in Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, in Akita, Akita, Japan, a country with the ethnic group the Brazilians.
Brazilians are One of the ethnic groups in Japan the country where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, in Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, in Akita, Japan, which has an ethnic group called Filipinos.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita, part of the Akita Prefecture which is in Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
Bill Marriot is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D.C. and is now located in Bethesda Maryland as well as being the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Mariott International, lead by Bill Marriott and founded in Washington D.C., is located in Bethesda Maryland and is a key tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Corporation.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny, the currency is the Euro and English is the primary language.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, which is led by Enda Kenny, uses the Euro, and speaks English.
In the Republic of Ireland the currency is the euro, the language English, and the leader is Enda Kenny. It is the location of Adare Manor.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which is lead by Enda Kenny. The language of the republic is English and the native people are known as Irish.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny, the currency is the Euro and English is the primary language.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the USA which is lead by President Barack Obama. The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the USA where the leader is President Barack Obama. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
In the United States, where both the capital Washington D.C. and 250 Delaware Avenue are located, is the President, Joe Biden.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the leader is known as the President. One of the leaders in the United States is Joe Biden. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States.
John Roberts is the Chief Justice in America where the leader is known as the President of the United States and the capital is Washington DC. The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the leader of which was President Barack Obama, a member of the African American ethnic group.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and his title is President of the United States. One of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans.
Lead by President Barack Obama, the United States has one ethnic group called African Americans and is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
English is the language of the United States, where the leader is President Barack Obama. 250 Delaware Avenue is an address located in the United States.
The leader of the United States is titled President and the language spoken is English. The country, where John Roberts is a leader, is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
The leader of the United States has the title of president. John Roberts is a leader in the US and the country's language is English. 250 Delaware Avenue is in the US.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the main language, and Paul Ryan is a leader alongside the President of the United States.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where the title of the leader is President. The English language is spoken in the US and it is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States (with an important ethnic group being Asian Americans), led by the President of the United States and also with Joe Biden in a leadership role.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, home to a substantial population of Asian origin and led by the President (and vice president Joe Biden).
Vice president Joe Biden is leader of the United States, located at 250 Delaware Avenue, where ethnic group of Asians reside.
White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. which is lead by the President. Joe Biden is a leader in that country. 250 Delaware Ave. is in the U.S.
Joe Biden and Paul Ryan are leaders of the United States which is lead by a President. The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States which is lead by the President. Paul Ryan and Joe Biden are leaders in the country.
The United States, which is lead by a President is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue. Joe Biden is a leader in the country and John Roberts is the Chief Justice.
The leader of the United States, Joe Biden is known as the President. The Chief Justice is John Roberts an 250 Delaware Avenue is also located in the United States.
In the United States where the leader is known as the President of the United States, John Roberts is the Chief Justice, one of the leaders is Paul Ryan and it is where 200 Delaware Avenue is located.
The leader of the US is known as the President and two of the leaders are John Roberts and Paul Ryan. The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
Paul Ryan is the leader and President Of the United States. An example of a street name in the United States is Delaware Avenue and an example of an ethic group is White Americans.
In the United States, the leader of the country is called the President of the United States. One of the country's leaders is Paul Ryan and one of the ethic groups is White Americans. also located in the U.S. is 250 Delaware Avenue.
The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan. The leader of the United States is President Barack Obama. 205 Delaware Avenue is an address in the United States.
The United States is lead by President Barack Obama along with Paul Ryan, and is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row, Birmingham, England. It was designed by the architect, John Madin, Who was born in Birmingham. It has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in the city. The building has 23 floors and construction was completed in 1976.
103 Colmore Row, completed in 1976 with 23 floors, is located on Colmore Row in Birmingham, England. It was designed by architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham.
John Madin was the architect of the building located at 103 Colmore Row .The building was completed in 1976.
Designed by, Birmingham born, architect, John Madin,103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976. It is located in Colmore Row and has 23 floors.
Architect John Madin (born in Birmingham) designed 103 Colmore Row in 1976 (located at Colmore Row and boasts 23 floors).
108 St Georges Terrace in Perth, Australia, has 50 floors and was completed in 198 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars.
108 St. Georges Terrace, with 50 floors, is located in Perth, Australia, and was completed in 1988. Its construction cost 120 million Australian dollars.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 in Perth, Australia. It has a total of 50 floors and cost 120m Australian dollars.
South Africa's ethnic groups include White South Africans and the Coloured. Its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and its capital is Cape Town. 11 Diagonal Street is located in this country.
Two of the South African ethnic groups are the Coloured people and the White South Africans. The country, which has Cyril Ramaphosa as one of its leaders, is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the capital city of Cape Town.
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are South African leaders. The Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street.
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where the capital city is Cape Town. One of the ethnic groups of the country are the Asian South Africans and the country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street.
South Africa's ethnic groups include the Coloured. 11 Diagonal Street is located here and it's capital is Cape Town. It's leaders include Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital. Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa with Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma as its leaders.
The address, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital. Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders of South Africa, where coloured people are an ethnic group.
The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma is also a leader in the country where one of the ethnic groups is the White South Africans. The country has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital. Among the country's leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma, and white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups there .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are among the country's leaders, and ethnic groups include the white South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa whose capital is Cape Town and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of its leaders. Ethnic groups in South Africa are Coloured people and Asian South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where ethnic groups include the Asian South Africans and the Coloured. Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa, and its capital is Cape Town.
Two of the ethnic groups in South Africa, lead by Cyril Ramaphosa, are the Asian South Africans and the coloured people. The country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the capital city of Cape Town.
The capital of South Africa is Cape town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. There are various ethnic groups within South Africa which include both Asian South Africans and White South Africans. Additionally, 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of the South Africa where two of the ethnic groups are the White South Africans and the Asian South Africans. The capital city is Cape Town and the country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town; Asian South Africans and white South Africans are ethnic groups, and the country's leader is called Cyril Ramaphosa.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States and was designed by HOK.
200 Public Square in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States was designed by the architectural firm HOK.
The firm HOK were the architects of 200 Public Square, which is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohia, United States.
200 Public Square in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States has a floor area of 111484 square metres.
Measuring 111484 square metres, 200 Public square is located in Cleveland. Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio in the United States.
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres. It is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, in the United States.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Ohio (part of Cuyahoga County) in the U.S. It has 45 floors.
200 Public Square, which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County in Ohio, United States. Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, which is run by the Cleveland City Council.
Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio in the United States. The governing body is the Cleveland City Council and the leader is Frank G Jackson. It is also where 200 Public Square is located.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County in Ohio, United States where the local leader is Frank G Jackson and the governing body is Cleveland City Council.
200 Public square is in Cleveland, which is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio, United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council and the leader is Frank G Jackson.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States which is lead by Frank G Jackson.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of the Cuyahoga County, Ohio in the United States. The leader is Frank G Jackson.
"200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio. The leader of Cleveland is Frank G Javkson and Cleveland's governing body is Cleveland City Council.".
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio which is governed by the Cleveland City Council and the leader Frank G Jackson.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body for the city is Cleveland City Council and Frank G Jackson is a city leader.
Cleveland in Ohio, United States is governed by the City Council and Frank G Jackson. It is the location of 200 Public Square.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. The leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson, and its governing body is Cleveland City Council.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, which has London as its capital. Queen Elizabeth II is a leader of the UK, as is Boris Johnson, and the European Parliament also has some control.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom, the country of which London is the capital and of which Elizabeth II is a leader. Boris Johnson is the leader of London, though the city is lead via the European Parliament.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the UK where the capital city is London. Boris Johnson is a leader in London which is lead by the European Parliament. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and 20 Fenchurch Street is located. The capital is London which is lead via the European Parliament.
London, the capital of the UK is lead via the European Parliament. 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country which is lead by Elizabeth II and has the currency of the pound sterling.
Boris Johnson led London is the capital of the United Kingdom (led by Elizabeth II)is home to the British people and 20 Fenchurch Street.
The capital of the United Kingdom is London which is lead by the European Parliament along with Boris Johnson. The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street and the native people are known as British.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom. The capital of this country is London and is lead via the European Parliament. The leader is called Boris Johnson. The natives of the United kingdom are British people.
London is the capital of the UK which is lead by Elizabeth II via the European Parliament. The native people are known as British and 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital city of which is London (which is lead via the European Parliament). British people inhabit the UK and the leader is Elizabeth II.
The United Kingdom is lead by Elizabeth II and also the European Parliament. The native people are known as British and the capital of the country is London. The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, United States, began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres) and cost 110 million dollars.
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build.
In January 2014 building began on the construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the US. The building has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843.8 (square metres) and cost 110 million dollars.
300 North LaSalle, with 60 floors, is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of the city is Susana Mendoza.
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Chicago is the location of 300 North LaSalle, which has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, Illinois which is part of the United States. It has 60 floors and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
The 300 North La Salle is located in Chicago, Illinois, US and has 60 floors. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States, which is led by Susana Mendoza, and has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
Chicago is lead by Susana Mendoza and can be found in Illinois, United States. The language of Illinois is English and one of Chicago's landmarks is 300 North LaSelle.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, Illinois in the U.S. Susana Mendoza leads Chicago. English is spoken in Illinois.
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago in Illinois, United States where the English language is spoken. The city is the location of 300 North La Salle.
Springfield is the capital of English language speaking Illinois, in The United States, and is home to Chicago, Illinois' 300 North LaSalle.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois (the capital of which is Springfield), United States. The English language is spoken in Illinois.
Chicago (led by Susana Mendoza) is located in Cook County, Illinois, United States and is the location of 300 North LaSalle (which has 60 floors).
In United States, Cook County, Illinois part Chicago where Susana Mendoza is the leader and also has place 300 North LaSalle which has 60 Floors.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago which is part of Cook County, Illinois in the U.S. The leader is Susana Mendoza.
300 North LaSalle, with 60 floors, is located in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.. Chicago's leader is called Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States, and has 60 floors. Chicago is lead by Rahm Emanuel.
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago, Illinois, United States. 300 North LaSalle is located in the city and has 60 floors.
Chicago is lead by Rahm Emanuel and is part of Illinois in the United States. One of its monuments is the 300 North LaSelle, a building which has 60 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, US. Its leader is called Rahm Emanuel. Chicago is part of the State of Illinois and the language is the English.
The English language is spoken in Illinois, United States, which is the location of Chicago. 300 North LaSalle can be found in the city where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois (the capital being Springfield) in the United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where the leader is Rahm Emanuel. Chicago is part of Illinois, United States where the capital is Springfield.
Chicago, Illinois in the US is lead by Rahm Emanuel. 300 North LaSalle is located in the city and the state language is English.
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago, Illinois where the leader is Susana Mendoza. Illinois is in the United States and the capital is called Springfield.
Susana Mendoza is a leader of Chicago, which is located in Chicago, Illinois in the United States and is the location of 300 North LaSalle.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, where one of the leaders is Susana Mendoza. Chicago is part of the state of Illinois, in the United States. The capital of that state is Springfield.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza and the language spoken there is English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois in the United States, where English is the official language. Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, where the leader is Susana Mendoza. Chicago is part of Illinois, United States where the language spoken is English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The English language is spoken in Illinois which has the capital city of Springfield.
The United States is home to English speaking Chicago, Illinois (capital: Springfield) and Chicago's 300 North LaSalle.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the language used in Illinois is English.
The company Populous were the architects of the 3Arena at North Wall, Dublin. The arena, which has a height of 28 metres, was completed in December 2008 and hosts concerts and events.
Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena which is 28 metres high and was completed in December 2008. It is located at North Wall, Dublin and designed by the architectural company Populous.
3Arena in North Wall, Dublin ,whose height is 28 metres, was designed by the company Populous and completed in December 2008. It hosts various concerts and events.
Populous is the architect of 3Arena at East Link Bridge, which is a concert and venue building 28 metres high, completed December 2008.
Construction of the 3Arena, a concerts and events type building, was completed in December 2008. The arena, which is located at East link Bridge, is 28 metres tall and was designed by the company Populous.
HOK SVE were the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall Quay. The arena hosts concerts and events and was completed in December 2008 at a height of 28 metres.
The 3Arena at North Wall Quay was designed by architects HOK SVE. It was completed in December 2008 and has a height of 28 metres. The Arena hosts concerts and events.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 2008. This 28metre high structure plays host to concerts and events.
3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin and hosts concerts and events. It has a height of 28 metres and was designed by the architect HOK SVE and completed in December 2008.
"The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and the height of 3Arena is 28.0 meters. The 3Arena is located at North Wall, Dublin and the 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building.".
Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena in Dublin which was designed by HOK SVE. The arena is 28 metres high and was completed in December 2008.
Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena in Dublin which was designed by the architectural company Populous. It was completed in December 2008 and has a height of 28 metres.
3Arena hosts concerts and events and is located in Dublin. It was designed by the architectural company Populous and completed in December 2008 at a height of 28 metres.
Dublin, part of Leinster, is in the Republic of Ireland and is lead by the European Parliament. 3 Arena is located there and their owner is Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena (owned by Live Nation Entertainment) is located in European Parliament led Dublin (a part of Leinster of The Republic of Ireland).
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. Dublin is lead by the European Parliament.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and it is located in Dublin, Leinster, the Republic of Ireland. Criona Ni Dhalaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
3Arena, owned by Live Nation Entertainment, is in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Ireland. The leader of government is the European Parliament and Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
3Arena, owned by Live Nation Entertainment, is located in Dublin, in the Republic of Ireland. European Parliament is the leader of Dublin, of which Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor.
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh and the government in the city is lead by the European Parliament.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, where Dáil Éireann is a leader and Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor. The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment.
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena which is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh and the leader is Dail Eireann.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. It was designed by the architects 3XN and is currently tenanted by Marriott International.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by the Bella Center, has 23 floors and is in Denmark. 3XN designed the hotel and one of its tenants is Marriott International Hotel.
Designed by architect 3XN and located in Denmark, the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen can be found in Denmark. It has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center, where Marriott International is its tenant.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark, where the Faroese language is spoken. Marriott International, founded in Washington, D.C, is currently the hotel's tenant, and Bill Marriott is a key leader in the organisation.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark, where Faroese is spoken. The hotel's tenant is Marriott International, founded in Washington, D.C., and led by Bill Marriott.
Bill Marriott is a key person of Washington Dc founded Marriott International, a tenant of Copenhagen, Denmark's AC Hotel Bella Sky (where the Faroese language is spoken).
Marriott International, which was founded in Washington DC, is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. The Prime Minister of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Faroese is one of the languages spoken.
Founded in Washington.D.C. Marriot Hotels is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen Denmark. Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen, where Faroese is spoken.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark is Marriott International, the company which was founded in Washington DC. One of the languages in Denmark is the German and the leader of the country is Margrethe II of Denmark.
Marriott International (founded in Washington DC) is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of the country and one of the languages spoken in Denmark is German.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark, and has the Marriott International Hotel (founded in Washington, D.C.) as its tenant. One of the languages used in Denmark is German, and the country's leader is Margrethe II of Denmark.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. It is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where one of the languages used is German.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark is Marriott International - a company that was founded in Washington DC. The prime minister of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and one of the languages used in the country is German.
Marriott International (founded in Washington DC) is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark (led by Lars Lokke Rasmusen and the German language is spoken).
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC. The Marriott International Hotel is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandic. The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is located in the country and currently tenanted by the Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic and the leader is Margrethe II. The AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen and tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Denmark is lead by Margethe II and one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic. The current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen. The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington by key person Bill Marriott.
Denmark is lead by Margrethe II of Denmark and is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The current tenant is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and has Bill Marriott as one of the key people.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. They are the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in the country of Denmark which is lead by Margrethe II.
The current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel. Marriott International was founded in Washington DC. Copenhagen is the Danish capital and the country is lead by Margrethe II.
The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II and the capital city is Copenhagen which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky. The hotel is currently tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
"The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is Denmark's leader. AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark and the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington, D.C.".
Bill Marriott is one of the key people of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark. The country is lead by Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. It is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center and it has 23 floors and 814 rooms. It was designed by 3XN group. A tenant there is the Marriott International Hotel.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architectural firm 3XN and has 814 rooms and 23 floors. the hotel is owned by Bella Center and the current tenants are Marriott International.
3XN firm designed the Bella Center owned AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen with its 23 floors and 814 rooms and has the tenant Marriott International.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by architects 3XN. It is owned by Bella Center and currently tenanted by Marriott International.
The AC Hotel , Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and was designed by the architects of the firm 3XN. Marriott International Hotel are the current tenants of the AC Hotel, Bella Sky.
Located in Copenhagen, AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm. It has 23 floors, is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by Marriott International.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, which is part of Munster. The architect of the manor is Augustus Pugin, whose birthplace was Bloomsbury. One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace of Westminster.
Augustus Putin (born in Bloomsbury) was the architect of Adare Manor (located in Adare, part of Munster) and The Palace of Westminster.
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the significant building of the Palace of Westminster. He also designed Adare Manor in Adare, Munster.
Augustus Pugin (born in Bloomsbury) was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster. Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury. He designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor in County Limerick, Munster.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, where the natives are known as Irish. English and Irish are the main languages used in Ireland, and its currency is the Euro.
The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland, where English and Irish are the main languages spoken by the Irish inhabitants. The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro.
The official language of the Republic of Ireland is Irish, and in Ireland is Irish English. The native people of the Republic are the Irish and the currency is the euro. The Republic is the location of Adare Manor.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, the leader of which is Enda Kenny. Irish people inhabit the Republic of Ireland, where they speak English and Irish languages.
The Republic of Ireland is lead by Enda Kenny and is inhabited by the Irish people who may use one of the official languages of Irish or English. The Republic is the location of Adare Manor.
Irish and English are languages used in the Republic of Ireland by the Irish people. The Republic is lead by Enda Kenny and is the location of Adare Manor.
The inhabitants of the Republic of Ireland are the Irish, which is also the language used in the Republic which is lead by Enda Kenny. The currency is the euro and the Republic is the location of Adare Manor.
The Republic of Ireland, led by Edna Kenny and home to the Irish, where the currency is the euro, is home to Adare Manor.
Seat of the local government, Addis Ababa City Hall (built 1961-1964) is 42 metres tall and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres.
The construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964. The building, which is the seat of the local government, has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres).
The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian. It was constructed from 1927 to 1931 and is located on St. Benedict's Monastery in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located at St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputale, Sri Lanka. Work on Adisham Hall, in the architectural style of "Tudor and Jacobean", began in 1927 and finished in 1931.
"Adisham Hall is located in Haputale which is in Sri Lanka and the capital of Sri Lanka is Sri JayawRdenepura Kotte and Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka's currency is the Ski Lankan rupee.".
Adisham Hall is located at Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe, its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, and the official currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is located at Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe, its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, and the official language is Tamil.
Admisham Hall is located at Haputale, Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka's leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, people there speak Tamil language.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, the main language is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, the Tamil language is used and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Sri Lanka uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency and the Tamil language. The capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and Adisham Hall is found in Haputale.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, in the country of Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka, and the Tamil language is spoken by inhabitants.
Adisham Hall is in Haputale in Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in that country. The capital is Jayawardenepura Kotte and Tamil is the language spoken there.
The address of Adisham Hall is, St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. Construction of the building, which has the architectural style'Tudor Revival', commenced in 1927 and was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka in the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the Tudor Revival style. It is located on St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall was started to be built in 1927 and was completed in 1931. Adisham Hall has the architectural style 'Tudor Revival' and it's address is: St. Benedicts Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita; Akita Prefecture, Japan, where the leader is Taro Aso and has a Brazilian ethnic group.
The Akita Museum of Art is found in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan where the leader is Taro Aso and one of the ethnic groups are the Brazilians.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country.
Taro Aso is the leader of Japan which has the Vietnamese people as one of it's ethnic groups. Japan's Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan where Taro Aso is the leader. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum is in Akita, Akita (part of Akita Prefecture) in Japan. The leader of Japan is Shinzō Abe. Brazilians are one ethnic group there.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the leader is Shinzo Abe. Japan's Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians and the leader of the country is Tarō Asō.
One of the ethnic groups of Japan are the Brazilians and the country is lead by Taro Aso. The Akita Museum of Art is located in the country at Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is lead by Taro Aso. The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Chinese are an ethnic group in Japan which is lead by Shinzo Abe. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan, where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos and the leader of the country is Shinzō Abe.
Akita, Japan holds the Akita Museum of Art and is part of the Akita Prefecture. Japan's leader is Shinzo Abe and it homes various ethnic groups one of which is the Filipinos.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita; Akita Prefecture, Japan, which is led by Shinzo Abe and has the ethnic group Filipinos.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos and the leader of the country is Tarō Asō.
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is lead by Taro Aso. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita(part of Akita Prefecture) in Japan. One of Japan's leaders isTarō Asō and one ethic group is the Filipinos.
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group within Japan which is lead by Shinzo Abe. Japan's Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita (part of Akita Prefecture) in Japan. The leader of Japan is Shinzo Abe and an ethnic group there is called Vietnamese.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita, Akita, a part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. The leader of the country is Tarō Asō, and Vietnamese people are an ethnic group from Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's leader is Tarō Asō, and Vietnamese people are an ethnic group from Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita, part of the Akita Prefecture in Japan. Akhito is the Emperor of Japan whose ethnic groups include the Vietnamese.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. The Emperor of Japan is Akihito and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is lead by Akihito. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita, Akita in Japan which is ruled by Emperor Akihito. Akita, Akita is part of Akita Prefecture and one ethnic group in Japan is the Filipinos.
Alan B. Miller Hall, designed by Robert A M Stern, is situated in Virginia, United States. The Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary, and its current tenant is The Mason School of Business.
Alan B Miller Hall is in Virginia, United States. The architect was Robert A.M. Stern and the current owner is the College of William and Mary but the current tenants are The Mason School of Business.
The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia. The Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia. It was designed by architect Robert A M Stern and completed on 1 June 2009.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern. It is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia and was completed on 1 June 2009.
The Alan B Miller Hall's location is 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia. It was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and was completed on 1 June 2009.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia. Robert A.M. Stern was the architect for the Hall, which was completed on June 1st, 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Gujarat's leader is the Legislative Assembly.
Gujarat in India is lead by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and is the location of the Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad. One of the leaders in India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad, completed in 1995, is located in Ahmedabad, Gujaret, India, at Lalbhai Dalpatbhal Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Row.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995.
Amdavad ni Gufa, designed by the architect B V Doshi, was completed in 1995 in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat which is lead by a Legislative Assembly.
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Ahmedabad, Gujurat, India. The leader of Gujarat is called the Gujarat Legislative Assembly, where one such leader was Anandiben Patel.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat (also known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly) is Anandiben Patel.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly, and T. S. Thakur was an Indian leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is T S Thakur.
The Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara, Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara, Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara, Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka and had 476 beds.
Located in the region of Ampara District, in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, is Ampara Hospital. It has a bed count of 476 and has a website.
Ampara Hospital, which has a website, has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District in the Eastern Province State of Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka, has 476 bed count and a website.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka. In the Eastern Province of the country Austin Fernando is the leader. Also in that region is Ampara Hospital located in the Ampara District.
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte but the Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District, Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando.
"Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka and is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka and the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.".
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is a key leader. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where the Sri Lankan rupee is used as currency.
Sri Lanka has the currency of the Sri Lankan rupee and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. The Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province where the leader is Austin Fernando.
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the Ampara Hospital. It is located in Ampara, Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando.
The Ampara Hospital is in Ampara, in the Eastern Province, of Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is one of the leaders of that region. One of Sri Lanka's leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader. The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando and the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body. Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando.
Sri Lanka's leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country is the location of Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province (leader: Austin Fernando), Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency used in the country is the Sri Lankan Rupee.
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. The country is the location of Ampara Hospital in Eastern Province which is lead by Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka, where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province of Sri Lanka: which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe, has the rupee as currency and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura.
Sri Lanka is lead by Ranil Wickremesinghe, has the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency. It is the location for the Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province state.
Ampara Hopsital is in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, the country which has the Sri Lankan rupee as its currency and Ranil Wickremesinghe as its leader.
Julia Morgan is an architect born in San Francisco who designed several significant projects. These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the landmark Californian building of the Los Angeles Examiner building, the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
The architect Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco, designed many significant buildings. These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building (a Californian landmark), the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Julia Morgan (born in San Francisco) was the architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds, The Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, The Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including Chinatown in San Francisco, the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
The architect Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed several significant buildings. These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and she was also behind Chinatown in San Francisco.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has designed buildings in Chinatown including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar State Beach and Hearst Castle.
Architect Julia Morgan was born in California. She has designed many significant buildings, including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Asilomar Conference Ground and the Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of many buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan but she has two other important buildings on her resume: the Asilomar State Beach and the Riverside Art Musuem., She was born in California and also worked on Hearst Castle.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
The architect Julia Morgan, who was born in California, designed many significant buildings including the grounds of Asilomar Conference, the landmark Hearst Castle, Asilomar State Beach and the buildings of Chinatown in San Francisco.
The architect Julia Morgan was born in California and designed several significant projects including Hearst Castle, the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar State Beach and Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 and is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823. The Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, is located on Asilomar Blvd, in Pacific Grove, California. They were constructed in the American Craftsman style in 1913, and has been added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February, 1987 (reference number 87000823).
Asilomar Conference Grounds which was constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of American Craftsman is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913 in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style and located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27, 1987, has the reference number 87000823.
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds which were constructed in 1913 is Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number "87000823", and were built in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California, it was constructed in 1913 and has the architectural style of American Craftsman. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. with the reference number 87000823.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of American Craftsman at Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913 with the architectural style of American Craftsman, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with ref number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904 in a Romanesque Revival style, are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23, with reference number 80002709.
In 1904 the Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed at Asser Levy Place, East 23rd Street in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. It has the Romanesque Revival style of architecture and were contructed in 1904. The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located in Avenue A, Manhattan, is in the Romanesque Revival architectural style, was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 04/23/1980 with reference number: 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan. They are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture and were constructed in 1904. The reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places and was added on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904 and designed in the Romanesque Revival style, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980, with Reference Number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904 with a Romanesque Revival architectural style, is located in Manhattan. It was registered in the National Register of Historic Places on 23/4/1980 with number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. The architectural style is Romanesque Revival and they were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 and given the reference number 80002709.
Built in 1904 and located in Manhattan, the Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. On 1980-04-23 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places under the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City. They were constructed in 1904 and are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City. They were constructed in 1904 and have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. They are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number of 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattern New York City, New York, United states. The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City, Manhattan, New York, in the U.S.. Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City in the U.S. Both Manhattan (led by Cyrus Vance Jr.) and Brooklyn are a part of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States of America. Cyrus Vance Jr is one of the leaders of Manhattan and Brooklyn is part of New York City.
Manhattan and Brooklyn are located in New York City, U.S., where the Asser Levy Public Baths are located. Cyrus Vance Jr. is one of the leaders of Manhattan.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New York, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, in New York, in the United States. Part of the city is Manhattan where one of the leaders is Cyrus Vance Jr.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York in the United States. The leader of Manhattan, part of New York City, is Cyrus Vance Jr.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City in the US. Manhattan is part of New York City, New York and is lead by Gale Brewer.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. Manhattan is part of New York City, New York, and its leader is Gale Brewer.
The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City in the United States. Manhattan, which is lead by Gale Brewer, and Brooklyn are both parts of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, (part of New Netherland) United States. Manhattan is one part of New York City and is lead by Gale Brewer.
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths is New York City in the United States. New York City was part of New Netherland, but now Manhattan, where Gale Brewer is the leader.
New York City (part of New Netherland) is part of Gale Brewer led Manhattan (in the United States) and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths.
Birmingham is lead by the Birmingham City Council and the Liberal Democrats. The town (which has the B postcode) is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Birmingham is lead by Liberal Democrats, is governed by The Birmingham City Council (has postal code B) and is home to architect John Madin, who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Architect John Madin (born in Birmingham) designed 103 Colmore Row; Birmingham(postal code B) is governed by The Labour Party's(UK) Birmingham City Council.
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham, which is led by the UK Labour Party and is governed by Birmingham City Council. John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham (postcode area 'B'), was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in the city. Birmingham's governing body is Birmingham City Council, which is lead by the Labour Party.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, with postcode area 'B'. Khalid Mahmood (British politician) is one of the leaders of Birmingham, alongside Birmingham City Council.
Birmingham's governing body is the City Council and Khalid Mahmood, a British politician is one of the leaders. The city is the birthplace of John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row, and has the "B" postcode.
The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council and is lead by Andrew Mitchell. The city, which has the B postcode, is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Architect John Madin, of Birmingham, designed 103 Colmore Row; Birmingham postal code is B and is led by the Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell.
Birmingham is lead by the City Council and the Labour Party and has the B postcode. It is the hometown of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham, which is led by the UK Labour Party and governed by Birmingham City Council. It is also the hometown of Joh Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The governing body of Birmingham (which has the B postcode) is the City Council lead by the UK Labour Party. The city is the home town of John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Birminham, which has the B postcode, is lead by Labour politician John Clancy and the Birmingham City Council. It is the home town of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who originated from Birmingham (postal code 'B'). Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham, with Birmingham City Council as the governing body .
The governing body of Birmingham, which has the B postcode, is the City Council along with labour politician John Clancy. It is the home town of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. With the postcode ''B'', Birmingham is run by Birmingham City Council with Khalid Mahmood as one of its leaders.
The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council along with the British politician Khalid Mahmood. The city, which has the B postcode, is the home town of John Madin who was the architect responsible for 103 Colmore Row.
Birmingham on the B postcode area is governed by the Birmingham council of which Khalid Mahmood is a member. 103 Colmore Row was designed by native son John Maddin.
John Madin, who was the architect of 103 Colmore Row was born in Birmingham. The governing body of the city (which has the B postcode) is the City Council lead by the UK Conservative Party.
Birmingham City Council governs the city of Birmingham which has the postcode area "B". It is lead by the Conservative Party(UK) and is the hometown of John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party (UK), and it has the postcode area 'B'. Its governing body is Birmingham City Council.
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn. The country is the location of Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall in the city of Addis Ababa.
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Amharic is spoken in this country, and Hailemariam Desalegn is a national leader.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and the language used in the country is Amharic.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Amharic language is spoken. Addis Ababa is located in the country and is where the Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are found.
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia, which is led by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn and the location of Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, the country where the Amharic language is used. The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and another leader there is Mulatu Teshome.
In Ethiopia the Amharic language is spoken. Ethiopia's leaders include Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome. Addis Ababa is an Ethiopian city where Addis Ababa City Hall is situated.
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Amharic is the language of Ethiopia and the country's leader is Mulatu Teshome.
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Amharic is spoken. The name of the country's leader is Malatu Teshome.
Amharic is a language in Ethiopia where the leader is Malatu Teshome. Addis Ababa is located in the country and is where Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located.
Addis Ababa is in in Ethiopia and has a City Hall and Stadium. Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leader and the language is Amharic.
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and the language used in the country is Amharic.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and the Addis Ababa Stadium can also be found there. The leaders of Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in this country.
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are key country leaders.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Amharic is the language spoken. Key leaders of Ethiopia include Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Mulatu Teshome is also a leader. The Amharic language is found in the country which is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa.
Leaders in Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn. Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and the language spoken there is Amharic.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The emperor of Japan is Akihito and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Brazilians.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The Emperor of Japan is Akihito and one of the country's ethnic groups are the Brazilians.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is called Akihito and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom, along with Boris Johnson are leaders in London, the capital of the United Kingdom. The UK used the pound sterling as currency and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London (leader Boris Johnson). The currency of the UK is the Pound Sterling and the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom and Boris Johnson is a leader in the capital city of London along with the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
London, the capital of the UK, is lead by the Parliament of the United Kingdom along with Boris Johnson. Elizabeth II is leader of the United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
The government of the UK is the Parliament and its capital is London. London's leader is Boris Johnson. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the UK. The demonym for natives of the UK is the British people.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. The leader of London is called Boris Johnson, the Parliament of the United Kingdom is also the leader of the city. Natives of the UK are called British people.
Natives of the United kingdom are called British people, their leader is Elizabeth II and 20 Fenchurch Street is located there. The capital is London and their leader is the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The native people of the United Kingdom are lead by Elizabeth II and are known as British. The Parliament of the UK is the leader of London, the capital city, and the country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, his leader is Enda Kenny. Irish people are the inhabitants and they speak English language. The currency is the euro.
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland, where English is the main language used by the Irish. The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny, and the currency used is the Euro.
Washington Dc is the capital of the United States, home to 250 Delaware Avenue, and led by Barak Obama and Joe Biden.
Paul Ryan and Joe Biden are leaders in the United States which is lead by the President. The capital city is Washington DC and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the leader has the title President of the United States. Joe Biden and Paul Ryan are leaders of the US.
The President is the leader of the United States where John Roberts and Joe Biden are both leaders. The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and has the capital of Washington DC.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the country's leader is known as the President. Joe Biden is a leader in the US and the Chief Justice of the USA is John Roberts. The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States where the leader is the President and the current Chief Justice is John Roberts. The capital city is Washington DC and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States, and other key leaders include Paul Ryan and Barack Obama.
The current leader of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC is President Barack Obama. Another leader is Paul Ryan and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
The United States is lead by a President who was Barack Obama, the language spoken is English and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans. The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. A country where the leader is known as President of the United States. Barack Obama is the President in this English speaking country where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
250 Delaware Avenue is located within the United States where English is the language and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. John Roberts is a leader in the United States where the country's leader is titled the President of the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which has English as it's language and the ethnic group of Native Americans can be found. The leader of the US is titled the President and the current Chief Justice is John Roberts.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where a leader is Paul Ryan. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where the language spoken is English and the leader is President of the United States.
The leader of the United States of America (where English is the primary language) is President Barack Obama. One United States ethnic group is White Americans . Additionally 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the English language is spoken, and one of the ethnic groups is Asians. The President of the United States is the most important leader, and Joe Biden is also a leader.
The Asians are an ethnic group in the United States which uses the English language. The leader of the country is Joe Biden who has the title of President. The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is know as the President of the United States. One of the leaders in the US is Joe Biden and an ethnic group of the United States (where English is the language) is Asian Americans.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the English language is spoken. One of the leaders is John Roberts and the country is lead by the President. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the country.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the official language, and an ethnic group present is Asians. The title of the leader is President of the United States; John Roberts is also a leader.
John Roberts is the Chief Justice of the USA which is lead by the President. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country which uses the English language and where one of the ethnic groups are White Americans.
The White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which uses the English language. The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and is lead by the President. One of the leaders in the country is Paul Ryan.
English is the language of the United States which is lead by a President and has the ethnic group of White Americans. The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and has Paul Ryan as one of it's leaders.
