"Drake Stevens" is known as the comic character Airman.
Airman's alternative name is Drake Stevens.
The alternative name of Airman (comics character) is "Drake Stevens".
The creator of Airman, (comics character) is George Kapitan.
The creator of Airman (comics character) is George Kapitan.
George Kapitan created the comic character Airman.
The comic character, Airman, was created by Harry Sahle.
The creator of Airman (comics character) is Harry Sahle.
The comic book character Airman was created by Harry Sahle.
John Aman, is the alternative name for the comic character, Amazing-Man.
The comic book character Amazing-Man's alter ego is John Aman.
John Aman is also known as Amazing-Man in the comics genre.
Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character, Amazing-Man.
The comic book character Amazing-Man was created by Bill Everett.
The comic character Amazing Man was created by Bill Everett.
The character, April O'Neal, was created by Peter Laird.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird.
The creator of April O'Neil is Peter Laird.
The comic character, Arion, is also known by he name Ahri'ahn.
The comic book character Arion is also known as Ahri'ahn.
The comic character Arion is also known as Ahri'ahn.
The comic character, Arion, was created by Jan Duursema.
The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema.
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character, Arion.
The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg.
The comic character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg.
The alternative name of Asterix (comics character) is "Astérix".
The comic character Asterix is also known as Astérix.
The comic character Asterix is sometimes called "Astérix".
Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character, Asterix.
The comic book character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo.
The comic strip character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo.
Aurakles is also known as ''Aurakles''.
An alternative name for Aurakles is Aurakles.
Aurakles alternative name is also Aurakles.
Dick Dillin is the creator of Aurakles.
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Dick Dillin.
Aurakles is a fictional character created by Dick Dillin.
The character, Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
Aurakles was created by Len Wein.
The creator of Auron (comics character) is Karl Kesel.
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel.
Karl Kesel is the creator of the comic character, Auron.
The comic character, Auron, was created by Walt Simonson.
Auron was created by Walt Simonson.
the full name of Auron (comics character) is "Lambien".
The comic character Auron's full name is Lambien,.
The comic character, Auron's full name is Lambien.
BBC was founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith.
The BBC was founded by John Reith, 1st Baron Reith.
1st Baron, John Reith was the founder of the BBC.
Rona Fairhead is the key person for BBC.
Rona Fairhead was a key person at the BBC.
The key person for BBC is Rona Fairhead.
A key person at the BBC is Baron Hall of Birkenhead, Tony Hall.
A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.
Tony Hall, the Baron Hall of Birkenhead, is a key person with the BBC.
The location of the BBC is the Broadcasting House in London.
The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House.
Broadcasting House is the home of the BBC which is based in London.
BBC is located in London.
The BBC location city is London.
The BBC is located in London.
One of the products of BCC is BCC radio.
BBC radio is one of the products of the BBC.
The BBC produces BBC Radio.
An alternative name for the comic character Balder is Balder Odinson.
Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder.
The comic character, Balder's alternative name, is Balder Odinson.
Stan Lee created the comic character Balder.
The comic character, Balder, was created by Stan Lee.
The comic character Balder was created by Stan Lee.
The comic character, Ballistic, has the alternative name, Kelvin Mao.
Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley.
The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench.
Doug Moench, was the creator of the comic character, Ballistic.
Doug Moench created the comic character Ballistic.
John Geering is the creator of Bananaman.
The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering.
The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering.
Steve Bright is the creator of Bananaman.
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright.
The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright.
Bananaman last aired on April 15th 1986.
Bananaman last aired on 15th April 1986.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman.
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden.
Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau.
Duncan Rouleau created Baymax.
Steven T. Seagle is the creator of Baymax.
The creator of Baymax is Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax was created by Steve T. Seagle.
Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance.
The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
Scott Adsit does the voice for Baymax.
Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax.
The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Gene Colan created Ben Urich.
Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan.
The character Ben Urich, was created by Gene Colan.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is the creator of Ben Urich.
Ben Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie.
The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie.
Hergé was the creator of the character Bianca Castafiore.
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Bibbo Bibowski.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6.
The distributor of Big Hero 6 (film) is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Big Hero 6 was a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Alan Tudyk stars in the film, Big Hero 6.
The film, Big Hero 6, starred Alan Tudyk.
The film Big Hero 6 stars actor Damon Wayans Jr.
The film Big Hero 6 stars Damon Wayans, Jr.
The film Big Hero 6 starred Jamie Chung.
The film Big Hero 6, stars Jamie Chung.
Jamie Chung starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Big Hero 6 stars Maya Rudolph.
The starring of Big Hero 6 (film) is Maya Rudolph.
Maya Rudolph, was one of the stars, in the film Big Hero 6.
The film, Big Hero 6, stars Ryan Potter.
Ryan Potter starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Big Hero 6 stars Ryan Potter.
The film, Big hero 6, stars Scott Adsit.
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Bill Oddie was born in Rochdale.
Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of Black Pirate.
Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
"Mark Desmond" is also known as the comic character Blockbuster.
The comic character, Blockbuster, has the alternative name, Mark Desmond.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond.
The comic book character Blockbuster's alter ego is Roland Desmond.
The comic character, Blockbuster's alternative name is Roland Desmond.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Carmine Infantino.
The creator of Blockbuster (comics character) is Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Gardner Fox.
The creator of Blockbuster (comics character) is Gardner Fox.
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox.
Roger Stern is the creator of the comic character, Blockbuster.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern.
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Tom Lyle.
The creator of Blockbuster (comics character) is Tom Lyle.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle.
An alternative name for the comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character, Bolt.
Bolt is created by Ernie Colon.
Ernie Colón was one of the creators of the comic character Bolt.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon.
The comic character, Bolt, was created by comic book writer Gary Cohn.
The creator of Bolf (comics character) is Gary Cohn.
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn.
The creator of Bolt (comics character) is Paris Cullins.
The comic character Bolt, was created by Paris Cullins.
Bozo the Iron Man was created by George Brenner.
George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man.
Bozo, the Iron Man was created by George Brenner.
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight.
The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman.
Dane Whitman, alter ego Black Knight, was created by John Buscema.
Dane Whitman, a.k.a. Black Knight, was created by John Buscema in the comics genre.
Dane Whitman from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema.
The comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas.
Dane Whitman Black Knight is a comic character created by Roy Thomas.
The comic book character Dane Whitman, alter ego Black Knight, was created by Roy Thomas.
Dick Dillian is from the United States.
The nationality of Dick Dillin is United States.
Doug Moench won the Eagle Award (comics).
Doug Moench has won an Eagle Award.
Doug Moench received the Eagle Award in the comics field.
Doug Moench won the Inkpot Award.
The nationality of Duncan Rouleau is American.
Duncan Rouleau is American.
Duncan Rouleau is an American.
Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican.
Ernie Colon is a Puerto Rican national.
Gene Colan has been awarded the Eisner Award.
Gene Colan won the Eisner Award.
Gene Colan is an American.
Gene Colan's nationality is American.
Graeme Garden was born in Aberdeen.
The birth place of Graeme Garden is Aberdeen.
Jack Kirby is an American.
Jack Kirby's nationality is American.
Jack Kirby was an American.
Jan Duursema has won the Eisner Award.
Jerry Ordway's nationality is American.
Jerry Ordway is American.
John Buscema was awarded an award by the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
John Buscema has been awarded by the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
John Buscema won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
John Buscema won the Alley Award.
John Buscema won the Inkpot Award.
John Buscema has won the Inkpot Award.
American was the nationality of John Buscema.
John Buscema is an American.
John Buscema's nationality is American.
Len Wein collected an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Len Wein has won awards from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Len Wein won the Inkpot Award.
Len Wein is an Inkpot Award winner.
Marv Wolfwan won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Marv Wolfman won the Inkpot Award.
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Inkpot Award.
Paris Cullins is a United States national.
The nationality of Paris Cullins is United States.
Rene Goscinny is a French national.
The nationality of René Goscinny is French.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is a United States national.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie is an American.
Roy Thomas was an award winner at the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Roy Thomas received an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Roy Thomas won an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts.
Roy Thomas was awarded the Alley Award.
Roy Thomas won the Alley Award.
Sheldon Moldoff won the Inkpot Award.
Sheldon Moldoff has won the Inkpot Award.
Sheldon Moldoff was an American national.
Sheldon Moldoff is an American.
The Arrow is otherwise known as Ralph Payne.
The alternative name for the comic character, the Arrow, is Ralph Payne.
Rick Parker, is the alternative name for the comic character, the Arrow.
The alternative name for The Arrow (comics character) is "Rick Parker".
The comic book character The Arrow's alter ego is Rick Parker.
Paul Gustavson created The Arrow.
The comic character, The Arrow, was created by Paul Gustavson.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Buxton.
Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Tim Brooke Taylor was born in Derbyshire.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire.
Tim Brooke Taylor was born in England.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in England.
Tim Brooke-Taylor's birth place is the United Kingdom.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in the UK.
The birth place of Tim Brooke-Taylor is United Kingdom.
George Kapitan created the comic character Airman whose alter ego is Drake Stevens.
"Drake Stevens, known as Airman, was created by George Kapitan.
George Kapitan is the creator of the comic character "Airman" or otherwise known as "Drake Stevens".
The comic book character Airman, AKA Drake Stephens, was created by Harry Sahle.
Drake Stevens is known as the comic character Airman, which was created by Harry Sahle.
The comic character Airman, who has the alternative name Drake Stevens, was created by Harry Sahle.
The creators of the comic character Airman were Harry Sahle and George Kapitan.
The comic book character Airman was created by both Harry Sahle and George Kapitan.
The creators of the comic book character Airman were Harry Sahle and George Kapitan.
John Aman (created by Bill Everett) is also known as Amazing-Man in the comics genre.
Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character, Amazing-Man who has the alternative name, John Aman.
The comic book character Amazing-Man's alter ego is John Aman and it was created by Bill Everett.
The character April O'Neal was created by Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird.
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman, created the character, April O'Neal.
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character Arion, sometimes known as Ahri'ahn.
Created by Paul Kupperberg, the book character Arion is also known as Ahri'ahn.
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character Arion , otherwise known as Ahri'ahn.
The comic character Arion, also known as Ahri'ahn, was created by Jan Duursema.
Created by Jan Duursema, the comic character Arion is also known as Ahri'ahn.
The character Arion was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg.
The comic character, Arion, was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg.
The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg.
The comic character, Arion, was created by Jan Duursema, who has won the Eisner Award.
The Eisner award winning Jan Duursema created the comic book character Arion.
The comic character Asterix, sometimes called Astérix, was created by Albert Uderzo.
The alternative name of Asterix (comics character) is "Astérix" and he was created by Albert Uderzo.
Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character, Asterix, which is also known as Astérix.
The creator of Asterix, the comics character also known as Astérix, is René Goscinny.
The comic character Asterix, sometimes called Astérix, was created by Rene Goscinny.
The comic character Asterix (also known as Astérix), was created by Rene Goscinny.
The creator of Asterix , a comics character, is René Goscinny, who is French.
Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny, who is a frenchman.
Rene Goscinny is a French national and also the creator of the comic character Asterix.
Dick Dillin is the creator of the comic book character Aurakles.
Dick Dillin was the creator of the comic book character Aurakles.
Dick Dillin created the comic book character called Aurakles, whose alternative name is also Aurakles.
Aurakles was created by Dick Dillin and Len Wein.
The comic book character, Aurakles, was created by Dick Dillin and Len Wein.
The comic book character Aurakles was created by both Dick Dillin and Len Wein.
Dick Dillian is an american who created the fictional character, Aurakles.
Aurakles is a fictional character created by American national Dick Dillin.
Dick Dillin, the creator of Aurakles, is from the US.
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman.
The character Auron, was created by Kark Kesel and Marv Worlfman,.
The creators of Auron (comics character) are Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman.
The comic character Auron was created by both Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel created the comic character Auron.
The character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Auron was created by both Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson.
The comic character auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson.
The comic book character Auron was created by both Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson.
Marv Wolfman created the comic book character Auron aka Lambien.
The comic character Auron, whose full name is Lambien, was created by Marv Wolfman.
The comic character Auron, otherwise known as "Lambien" was created by Marv Wolfman.
The comic character Balder, full name, Balder Odinson was created by Stan Lee.
An alternative name for the comic character Balder (created by Stan Lee), is Balder Odinson.
The comic character Balder, also known as Balder Odinson was created by Jack Kirby.
Balder, otherwise known as Balder Odinson, was created by Jack Kirby.
Jack Kirby and Stan Lee are the creators of the comic character Balder.
The character Balder created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee.
Jack Kirby and Stan Lee, created the comic character Balder.
The comic character, Balder, was created by Jack Kirby, an American.
The American Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder.
Michael Manley created the comic character, Ballistic, who has the alternative name, Kelvin Mao.
The comic character, Ballistic, has the alternative name, Kelvin Mao, and was created by Michael Manley.
The creators of the comic character Ballistic were Michael Manley and Doug Moench.
Doug Moench and Michael Manley, created the comic character Ballistic.
The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley and Doug Moench.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC which is headquartered in Broadcasting house.
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC, the BBC is headquartered in Broadcasting house.
Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC which is based in the Broadcasting House in London.
Located in London, the BBC, broadcast Bananaman.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC, which is based in London.
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC which is located in London.
The BBC broadcasted Bananaman which starred Bill Oddie.
Bill Oddies stars in Bananaman, broadcasted by the BBC.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman broadcast by STV.
STV broadcast Bananaman starring Bill Oddie.
Bananaman first aired on the 3rd of October 1983, and starred Bill Oddie.
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman that was first aired on the 3rd of October, 1983.
Bill Oddie (born in Rochdale) stars in Bananaman.
Bill Oddie, who was born in Rochdale, starred in Bananaman.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie, who was born in Rochdale.
Bananaman first aired on tv screens on the 3rd of October 1983, and starred Graeme Garden.
Bananaman, first aired 3/10/1983, stars Graeme Garden.
Bananaman was first aired on 10/03/1983 and starred Graeme Garden.
Graeme Garden, one of the stars of Bananaman, was born in Aberdeen.
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden who was born in Aberdeen.
Graeme Garden, born in Aberdeen, stars in Bananaman.
Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman, broadcasted by STV.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman, broadcasted by STV,.
Bananaman which stars Jill Shilling is broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which is broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred as Bananaman, which was broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, broadcasted by the BBC.
Tim Brooke Tayler starred in Bananaman, broadcasted by the BBC.
Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke-Taylor, who starred in Bananaman.
Tim Brooke-Tayler, born in Buxton, starred in bananaman.
Born in Buxton, Tim Brooke-Taylor, starred in Bananaman.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in England, starred in Bananaman.
Tim Brooke Taylor, who starred in Bananaman, was born in England.
Tim Brooke Taylor was born in England and starred in Bananaman.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in the UK and starred in Bananaman.
Born in the United Kingdom, Tim Brooke-Taylor, starred in Bananaman.
Tim Brooke-Taylor , originally from the U.K, starred in Bananaman.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle created Baymax.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax was created by both Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6, starring Ryan Potter.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter.
The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6 which starred Ryan Potter.
Duncan Rouleau created Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6.
Created by Duncan Rouleau, Baymax, is a character in Big Hero 6.
Big Hero 6, starring Damon Wayans Jr., features the character Baymax.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars the actor Damon Wayans Jr.
The film Big Hero 6, which stars Damon Wayans Jr, has a character called Baymax.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 that starred Jamie Chung.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6, where Jamie Chung is the star.
Big Hero 6, starring Jamie Chung, features the character Baymax.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which also starred Maya Rudolph.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Maya Rudolph.
Maya Rudolph starred in the film Big Hero 6, in which Baymax is a character.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6, Scott Adsit starred in the movie version of Big Hero 6.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6, starring Scott Adsit.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois and does the voice for Baymax.
The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit, who was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Born in Northbrook Illinois, Scott Adsit, provides the voice for the character Baymax.
The character Ben Urich ( Benjamin Urich ) was created by Gene Colan.
Ben Urich's full name is actually Benjamin Urich, the character was created by Gene Colan.
Ben Urich, full name Benjamin Urich, was created by Gene Colan.
The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan.
comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, along with Gene Colan, created Ben Urich.
Bo Bibbowski (full name Bibbo Bibbowski) was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski , otherwise known as Bibbo, was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is often called Bibbo and was created by Jerry Ordway.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which stars Alan Tudyk.
The film Big Hero 6, starring Alan Tudyk, has a character called Baymax.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which starred Alan Tudyk.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which starred Ryan Potter.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 in which Ryan Potter stars.
Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate and won the Inkpot Award.
Sheldon Moldoff, creator of the Black Pirate, has won the Inkpot Award.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff, who won the Inkpot Award.
Blockbuster is a comic character that was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by both Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The character Blockbuster was created by Garnder Fox and Carmine INfantino.
The character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern.
The creators of Blockbuster (comics character) are Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle.
Both Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle were the creators of the comic character, Blockbuster.
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle.
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino.
The comics character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino and Roger Stern.
The character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino.
The creators of the comics character Blockbuster are Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by both Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino.
The character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Garcy Cohn.
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
Dan Mishkin created the comic book character Bolt while Gary Cohn is the creator of Bolf.
The character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin.
Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin are among the creators of the comic character Bolt.
The comic book character Bolt was created by both Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon.
Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn created the comic character Bolt.
Ernie Colón and comic book writer Gary Cohn were the creators of the comic character Bolt.
Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn are some of the creators of the comic character Bolt.
Ernie Colon, one of the creators of the character Bolt is a Puerto Rican national.
Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national, created Bolt.
The creators of the comic character, Bolt, were Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.
The character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.
Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins are creators of the comic character known as Bolt.
The comic character Bolt, was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon.
The creators of the comic character, Bolt, are Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon.
The creator of the comic character, Bolt, is Paris Cullins, A United States national.
Paris Cullins is an United States national that created the comic character "Bolt".
The character Bolt was created Paris Cullins, from the United States.
Bozo the Iron Man's full name is Hugh Hazzard and he was created by Goerge Brenner.
Created by George Brenner, the full name of Bozo the Iron Man is "Hugh Hazzard".
George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man whose alter ego is Hugh Hazzard.
Dane Whitman, aka the Black Knight was created by John Buscema.
The Black Knight, ( also known as Dane Whitman ), was created in the comics genre by John Buscema.
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight, which was created by John Buscema.
The comic book character Dane Whitman ( otherwise known as the Black Knight ), was created by both Roy Thomas and John Buscema.
Dane Whitman, from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema and Roy Thomas.
Dane Whitman, aka Black Night was created by John Buscema and Roy Thomas.
Dane Whitman, alter ego Black Knight, was created by the American, John Buscema.
Dane Whitman, a.k.a. Black Knight, was created by John Buscema (American) in the comics genre.
Dane Whitman, a.k.a. Black Knight, was created by John Buscema (Amercian) and considered to be in the comics genre.
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight which was created by Roy Thomas.
The comic book character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman or the alter ego Black Knight, and was created by Roy Thomas.
Dane Whitman Black, also known as Dane Whitman was created by Roy Thomas.
Duncan Rouleau is an American national who created Baymax.
Baymax was created by American, Duncan Rouleau.
Gene Colan is the American national who created the character Ben Urich.
Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan, an American.
The American Gene Nolan created the character Ben Urich.
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel, an American.
American, Karl Kesel, is the creator of the comic character, Auron.
The American Karl Kesel created the comic character Auron.
The American Roger McKenzie is a comic book writer who created the character Ben Urich.
A United States national, comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is the creator of Ben Urich.
Roger Mckenzie, the american comic book writer is the creator of Ben Urich.
Sheldon Moldoff is the American creator of Black Pirate.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff, who was an American national.
Sheldon Moldoff is an American who created the Black Pirate.
Paul Gustavson is the creator of " The Arrow", otherwise known as Ralph Payne.
Arrow, also known as Ralph Payne, was created by Paul Gustavson.
Arrow, otherwise known as Ralph Payne, was created by Paul Gustavson.
Rick parker, aka the Arrow was created by Paul Gustavson.
The character Arrow's alter ego is Rick Parker, created by Paul Gustavson.
Rick Parker, aka the Arrow, was created by Paul Gustavson.
Airman, AKA Drake Stevens was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan.
The alternative name of the comic character Airman is "Drake Stevens". He was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan.
The comic character Airman, AKA Drake Stevens was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan.
Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg created the comic book character of Arion who is also known as Ahri'ahn.
The comic book character Arion, aka Ahri'ahn, was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg.
The comic character Arion is also known as Ahri'ahn and was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg.
The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema, a winner of the Eisner Award.
Jan Duursema won the Eisner Award and is the creator of the comic book character Arion along with Paul Kupperberg.
The comic character Asterix, was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Asterix the comic character whose alternative name is Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny.
Asterix, alternatively "Astérix", is a comic book character created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Frenchman, Rene Goscinny created Asterix, the comic character who is sometimes called "Astérix".
The comic character Asterix (also known as Astérix), was created by René Goscinny, who is French.
The comic character Asterix, also know as Astérix, was created by the Frenchman René Goscinny.
The character of Aurakles has the alternative name of Aurakles and was created by Len Wein and Dick Dillin.
Dick Dillin and Len Wein created the character Aurakles.
Dick Dillin, from the United States, created the comic book character known as Aurakles (alternatively called Aurakles).
The comic book character Aurakles (alternative name Aurakles) was created by Dick Dillin from the United States.
Dick Dillin, an american along with Len Wein were the creators of Aurakles, a fictional character.
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the American Dick Dillian.
Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic character Auron, whose full name is Lambien.
The comic character Auron, whose full name is Lambien, was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman.
Auron, a comic book character whose full name is Lambien, was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman.
The comic book character Auron, full name Lambien was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson created the comic book character of Auron who has the full name Lambien.
The comic character Auron, full name Lambien, was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
American Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman created the comic character Auron.
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and American Karl Kesel.
The comic book character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel who is an American.
Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson created the comic book character Auron, whose full name is Lambien.
Auron, a comic character whose full name is Lambien, was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson.
The comic character Auron, whose full name is Lambien, was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson.
Rona Fairhead is the key person for the BBC which broadcast Bananaman and has its home at Broadcasting House in London.
The key person for BBC is Rona Fairfield and it's located in Broadcasting House in London and shows Bananaman TV Series.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC, which is located in London. Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
The BBC which broadcasted Bananaman is located in London and the key person is Rona Fairchild.
The BBC, where Rona Fairhead was a key person, is located in London and broadcasts Bananaman.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC which has headquarters at Broadcasting House and broadcast Bananaman.
Bananaman, the TV series was shown on the BBC which has its home at Broadcasting House in London. A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.
Bananaman, the TV series, was shown on the BBC. Broadcasting House in London is the location of the BBC and a key person there is Tony Hall or Baron Hall of Birkenhead to give him his full title.
The comic character of Balder has the alternative name of Balder Odinson and was created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee.
The comic character of Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
Balder a comic character AKA Balder Odinson, was created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee.
Balder Odinson - also known as Balder - is a comic character created by the American Jack Kirby.
The American, Jack Kirby created the comic character of Balder who has the alternative name of Balder Odinson.
Stan Lee and American Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder.
Stan Lee and the American, Jack Kirby created the comic character of Balder.
Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, is a fictional comic superhero created by Michael Manley and Doug Moench.
The comic character,Ballistic (a.k.a. Kelvin Mao) was created by Douglas Moench and Michael Manley.
Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao and was created by Doug Moench and Michael Manley.
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC which was founded by John Reith, 1st Baron Reith and is located in the Broadcasting House in London.
1st Baron,John Reith was the founder of BBC whose location is the Broadcasting House in London, and Bananaman was shown on the channel.
The BBC, which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman, was founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith.
The BBC, which broadcast Bananaman, is located in London and was founded by John Reith, 1st Baron Reith.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983.
Bananaman a BBC TV series which stars Bill Oddie first aired on 3rd of October, 1983.
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by the BBC.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which is broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983.
Banaman was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Graeme Garden.
Graeme Garden stars in the TV series of Bananaman which was shown on BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, is broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3rd October 1983.
The BBC broadcast Bananaman, which was first aired on 10/03/1983 and starred Jill Shilling.
Billie Oddie who starred in Bananaman is Kate Hardie's son and was born in Lancashire.
Bill Oddie, who stars in Bananaman, was born in Lancashire and has a child called Kate Hardie.
Bill Oddie, who starred in Bananaman, was born in Lancashire and has a daughter called Kate Hardie.
Bill Oddie, who starred in Bananaman, was born in Rochdale and has a child called Kate Hardie.
Billie Oddie starred in Bananaman was born in Rochdale and Kate Hardie is his child.
Bill Oddie, who starred in Bananaman, was born in Rochdale and has a daughter called Kate Hardie.
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV, starring Graeme Garden it first aired on 3rd October 1983.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV.
Bananaman which first aired 10/03/1983, stars Graeme Garden and was broadcasted by STV.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which is broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983.
Bananaman starred Jill Shilling and first aired on the 3rd of October, 1983 being broadcast by STV.
The BBC broadcast Bananaman, which was first aired on 10/03/1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Bananaman which first aired on October 3rd, 1983 on the BBC, starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Banaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was first broadcast by STV on 3 October 1983.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred as Bananaman, which was first aired on 10/03/1983 and was broadcast by STV.
Bananaman, starring Tim Brooke-Taylor, was first broadcast by STV on the 3rd October 1983.
Bananaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was broadcast for the last time by STV on 15 April 1986.
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV, it starred Tim Brooke Taylor and last aired on 15th April 1986.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6, the film that stars Alan Tudyk and in which the character Baymax makes his first appearance.
Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, starred Ryan Potter and was Baymax's first film appearance.
Big Hero 6 stars Ryan Potter and was Baymax's first film appearance. It was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Baymax first appeared in the Walt Disney Studios distributed film Big Hero 6, starring Ryan Potter.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax who appeared in Big Hero 6.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Duncan Rouleeau and Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle and is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle created the character of Baymax who is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Scott Adsit voiced the character Baymax which was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
The character of Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich, was created by Gene Colan and the comic bookwriter, Roger Mckenzie.
Ben(jamin) Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan.
The character of Ben Urich was created by the American, Gene Colan, and the comic book writer, Roger McKenzie.
Roger McKenzie and the American, Gene Colan created the comic book character of Ben Urich.
Ben Urich was created by the American, Gene Colan and the comic book writer, Roger McKenzie.
The comic book character was created by Gene Colan and the comic book writer Roger Mckenzie, who is a US national.
Gene Colan and the US National comic book writer, Roger McKenzie created Ben Urich.
The comic book character of Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan and Roger McKenzie who is an American writer of comic books.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway who is an American.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway, Jerry Ordway is American.
The distributor of the film Big Hero 6, which stars Jamie Chung, is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The character Baymax appears in this film.
Big Hero 6, a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, starred Jamie Chung and included the character Baymax.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed the movie Big Hero 6 which starred Maya Rudolph. Baymax is a character in this film.
Big Hero 6 is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and has Baymax as a character and stars Maya Rudolph.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Maya Rudolph.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6 that stars Alan Tudyk and in which Baymax is a character.
Big Hero 6 is a Disney Studios Motion Picture which stars Alan Tudyk and has Baymax as a character.
Alan Tudyk stars in the film Big Hero 6 in which Baymax is a character. The film is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
"Mark Desmond," also known as the comic character Blockbuster, was created by Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle.
"Mark Desmond" is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond, the character was created by Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle.
Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox created the comic book character of Blockbuster who has the alternative name of Roland Desmond.
The comic character, Blockbuster, whose alternative name is Roland Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle.
The comic book character Blockbuster, whose alter ego is Roland Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond and was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
Roland Desmond is the alternative name for the comic book character Blockbuster, who was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond and was created by Roger Stern and Gardner Fox.
Blockbuster (also known as Mark Desmond) is a comic book character created by Roger Stern and Gardner Fox.
The comic character Blockbuster, aka Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern.
The comic character, Blockbuster's alternative name is Roland Desmond and was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern.
The comic character,Blockbuster(a.k.a. Roland Desmond) was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern.
The comic book character Blockbuster, aka Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle.
The comic character, Blockbuster, has the alternative name, Mark Desmond and was created by Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox.
The comic character,Blockbuster(a.k.a. Mark Desmond) was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle.
"Mark Desmond", also known as Blockbuster, is a comic character created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino.
Blockbuster is a comic character with the alternative name of Mark Desmond and was created by Carmine Infantino and Roger Stern.
The comic book character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino.
"Mark Desmond" is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Roger Stern and Tim Lyle.
Tom Lyle and Roger Stern created the comic character Blockbuster who has the alternative name of Mark Desmond.
The comic character Blockbuster, with the alternative name Mark Desmond, was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern.
Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national created Bolt along with Dan Mishkin.
Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national Ernie Colon created the comic character of Bolt.
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon who is Puerto Rican.
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon, the latter of which is a Puerto Rican national.
The comic character of Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon created the comic character Bolt.
The comic book character Bolt, with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins.
The comic character Bolt, who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn.
The creators of Bolt, the comic character with the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky, are Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character, Bolt who was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character, Bolt who was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon.
Bolt, a comic character AKA Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon.
Bolt is a comic character created by Paris Cullins and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
Puerto Rican Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bolt.
Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican and along with Paris Cullins is the creater of the comic character Bolt.
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins who is an American.
The comic character Bolt, was created by Paris Cullins from the United States and Dan Mishkin.
The comic character of Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and the US National, Paris Cullins.
Ernie Colton and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bolt. Cullins is from the US.
Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins who is an American.
The comic character of Bolt is created by Ernie Colon and the US National, Paris Cullins.
The comic book writer Gary Cohn and US National Paris Cullins created the comic character of Bolt.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn, the former being a United States national.
The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight, created by Roy Thomas and John Buscema, is also known as simply Dane Whitman.
Dane Whitman, aka Black Knight, was created by John Buschema and Roy Thomas.
The comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas and the American, John Buscema.
The comic book character Dane Whitman, also known as the Black Knight, was created by Roy Thomas and the American, John Buscema in the comics genre.
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax was created by Steven T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau who is an American.
The comic character Auron's full name is Lambien and he was created by the American, Karl Kesel.
Auron - full name Lambien - is a comic character created by the American Karl Kesel.
American Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate who is sometimes known as Jon Valor.
Sheldon Moldoff, an American national is the creator of Black Pirate AKA Jon Valor.
The American, Sheldon Moldoff, won the Inkpot Award for creating the Black Pirate.
The Black Pirate was created by the American Sheldon Moldoff, who went on to win the Inkpot Award.
Sheldon Moldoff was an American National who won the Inkpot Award and created the Black Pirate.
Arion (also known as Ahri'ahn) is a comic character created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema, who won the Eisner award.
Paul Kupperberg and Eisner Award winning Jan Duursema are the creators of the comic book character Arion, also know as Ahri'ahn.
The comic book character Arion (also known as Ahri'ahn), was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema, the latter having won the Eisner Award.
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the American Dick Dillin.
The comic book character Aurakles, with the alternative name Aurakles, was created by Dick Dillin (from the United States) and Len Wein.
The fictional character Aurakles, also known as ''Aurakles'' was created by Len Wein and Dick Dillin (American).
The BBC, which is located in London, and where Rona Fairhead is a key person, once broadcast Bananaman and has a product called BBC radio.
The BBC, located in London, with Rona Fairhead as a key person, broadcast the TV series Bananaman and produces BBC radio.
Balder is a comic character created by Stan Lee and the American, Jack Kirby. His alternative name is Balder Odinson.
The comic character of Balder is also known as "Balder Odinson". It was created by Stan Lee and the American, Jack Kirby.
The comic character, Balder has the alternative name of Balder Odinson . It was created by Stan Lee and the American, Jack Kirby.
John Reith, 1st Baron Reith founded the BBC who have their HQ at Broadcasting House. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio.
The BBC, founded by John Reith, 1st Baron Reith, has its headquarters in Broadcasting House. The BBC produces BBC radio and broadcast the TV series Bananaman.
The founder of the BBC was 1st Baron John Reith and it is located at Broadcasting House in London. The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio.
1st Baron, John Reith was the founder of the BBC which is located in London and showed the TV series, Bananaman. Another product of the BBC is BBC radio.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC, the organisation founded by John Reith, 1st Baron Reith. The BBC is based in London and also produces BBC radio.
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright. It was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983.
Bananaman, created by Steve Bright and starring Bill Oddie, was first broadcast by the BBC on the 3rd October 1983.
Bananaman, which was first broadcast by the BBC on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright and starred Graeme Garden.
Steve Bright created Bananaman which was first aired by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Graeme Garden.
Bananaman was first aired on 3 October 1983 by the BBC. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Graeme Garden.
John Geering created the TV character Bananaman which was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling.
John Geering created the fictional comic superhero of Bananaman which starred Jill Shilling. It was first aired by the BBC on 3 October 1983.
Bananaman was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, created by Steve Bright. first aired on the BBC on 3/10/1983.
Lancashire born Bill Oddie was the star of Bananaman, broadcasted by the BBC out of the broadcasting house in London.
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman. It was broadcast by the BBC located in London.
Bananaman, that starred Lancashire born Bill Oddie, is broadcast by the BBC which is located in London.
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in the TV series Bananaman. It was shown by the BBC who are located in London.
Rochdale born Bill Oddie starred in the TV series Bananaman. This show was broadcast by the BBC, which has its headquarters in Broadcasting House.
The BBC broadcast Bananaman, which starred Rochdale born Bill Oddie. The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House.
Rochdale born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was a TV series shown on the BBC, based at Broadcasting House in London.
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC (London) and starred Bill Oddie, who was born in Rochdale.
The BBC, which is located in London, showed the TV series Bananaman. It starred Bill Oddie who was born in Rochdale.
Bananaman is a tv series which starred Rochdale born Bill Oddie. The series was shown on the BBC which is located in the city of London.
Aberdeen born Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman, which was broadcast by the BBC, whose headquarters are called Broadcasting House.
Aberdeen born Graeme Garden starred in the tv series " Bananaman " . The series was shown on the BBC which is based in the broadcasting house in London.
The BBC, based in Broadcasting House, London, showed the TV series Bananaman. This show starred Aberdeen born Graeme Garden.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by John Geering. It was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983.
Bananaman was first aired on 10/03/1983 and was broadcast by the BBC. Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in the show, which was created by John Geering.
The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-taylor. It was first broadcast on 3 October 1983 by the BBC.
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was first aired on 3 October 1983, being broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman (created by Steve Bright ) was first broadcasted by the BBC on the 10/03/1983, and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Tim Brooke Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright. It was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983.
The character Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and is voiced by Scott Adsit. It was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steve T Seagle.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle created the character of Baymax who first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Baymax, voiced by Scott Adsit and created by Duncan Roulean and Steven T. Seagle first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
The character Baymax, created by Steve T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Big hero 6 was the first appearance for Baymax, created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax is a character created by Duncan Rouleau and Steve T. Seagle which first appeared in the film " Big Hero 6".
Baymax is a character who first appeared in the film Big Hero 6. It was created by Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau.
Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character Baymax, which first appeared in the movie Big Hero 6.
Baymax, the Big Hero 6 character created by Steve T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau, is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle are both creators of the character Baymax which featured in the film Big Hero 6. The voice of this character in the film was provided by Scott Adsit.
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle are both creators of Baymax which featured in the film Big Hero 6. The voice of Baymax was provided by Scott Adsit.
Bolt (Larry Bolatinsky) is a comic character that was created by both Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon who is a national of Puerto Rico.
Bolt is a comic character otherwise know as Larry Bolatinsky. He was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon ( national of Puerto Rico ).
The character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon, a puerto Rican National.
Baymax is a character from Big Hero 6, who was created by American born Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax, created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, is a character in Big Hero 6.
The character Baymax, created by Steve T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, is voiced by Scott Adsit.
Scott Adsit provides the voice for Baymax who was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax who was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit. The creator of Baymax is the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which star's Scott Adsit. The creator of this character is American national, Duncan Rouleau.
The American, Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax which appeared in the film Big Hero 6 alongside the star of the film, Scott Adsit.
Alan Tukyk stars in the film, Big Hero 6 in which Baymax, created by the American Duncan Rouleau, is also a character.
The American, Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax who appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk.
American national Duncan Rouleau is the creator of the character Baymax, which featured in the film Big Hero 6 ( starring Alan Tudyk ).
Bibbo Bibbowski is the full name of Bo Bibbowski created by Marv Wolfman and the American, Jerry Ordway.
Bo (full name Bibbo) Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and the American, Jerry Ordway.
Marv Wolfman and the American, Jerry Ordway created Bo (full name Bibbo) Bibbowski.
The comic character Auron ( Lambien ) was created by both Marv Wolfman and American national Karl Kesel.
Auron ( Lambien ) is a comic character that was created by both Marv Wolfman and American national Karl Kesel.
Marv Wolfman and the American Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic book character Auron, whose full name is Lambien.
The comic character of Auron (whose full name is Lambien) was created by Walt Simonson and the American, Karl Kesel.
The comic character of Auron has the full name Lambien. He was created by Walt Simonson and the American, Karl Kesel.
The comic book character Auron, with the full name Lambien, was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel, who is from the United States.
Bolt is a comic character with the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky. He was created by Dan Mishkin and the US national, Paris Cullins.
Bolt ( Larry Bolatinsky ) is a comic character which was created by both Dan Mishkin and U.S. national Paris Cullins.
The comic book character Bolt also known as Larry Bolatinsky was created by Dan Mishkin and the American Paris Cullins.
The US national, Paris Cullins along with comic book writer, Gary Cohn created the comic character of Bolt. The character has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky,.
The comic character Bolt , or otherwise known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by both Gary Cohn and U.S national Paris Cullins.
Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, is a comic book character created by Gary Cohn and the United States national Paris Cullins.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic book character Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colon and the American Paris Cullins.
Ernie Colon and the US national Paris Cullins created the comic character of Bolt, who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky.
Ernie Colón and the American Paris Cullins were among the creators of the comic book character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
The comic character Asterix is sometimes called "Astérix" and was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national, Rene Goscinny.
Albert Uderzo and French born René Goscinny, are the creators of the comic character Asterix, also know as Astérix.
The American comic book writer Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan created the character Ben Urich, who has the full name Benjamin Urich.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie is an American and along with Gene Colan created Ben (Benjamin) Urich.
The character of Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich, was created by Gene Colan and the comic book writer Roger Mckenzie who is American.
The Black Pirate, also know as Jon Valor, was created by the Inkpot Award winning American, Sheldon Moldoff.
American Sheldon Moldoff, who has won the Inkpot Award, created The Black Pirate, whose alternative name is Jon Valor.
The black pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff, an American who has won the Inkpot award.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. Bananaman last aired on 15th April 1986. Graeme Garden is one of the stars of the series which was created by John Geering.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering and stars Graeme Garden.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. Graeme Garden was one of the stars on the series which was created by John Geering.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. Steve Bright created the series which starred Bill Oddie.
Bananaman was shown by the BBC and aired between 3 October 1985 and 15 April 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie.
Bananaman was the TV series shown by the BBC between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC 10/03/1983 and its last broadcast was 15th April 1986. The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright and the show stars Graeme Garden.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and stars Graeme Garden.
The BBC aired the TV series of Bananaman between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman began airing on the BBC on 10/03/1983 and its last broadcast was April 15th, 1986. The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright and among its stars are Jill Shilling.
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC, airing between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. The series, which was created by John Geering, stars Graeme Garden.
The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering. The programme was broadcast by STV and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman was first shown on 10th March 1983 and last aired on 15th April 1986.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. John Geering created the series which stars Graeme Garden.
Bananaman was broadcast by STV between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. The series was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman was broadcast by STV from 3 October 1983 until 15 April 1986. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
The BBC began broadcasting Bananaman on 10/03/1983 and its last episode went to air on April 15th, 1986. Steve Bright is one of the creators of Bananaman which has Tim Brooke-Taylor as one of its stars.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. Its creator was Steve Bright and the series starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Baymax was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. The character appeared in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter.
The character of Baymax appeared in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steven T. Seagle. Damon Wayans, Jr. starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steven T. Seagle. Damon Wayans, Jr. starred in the film version of Big Hero 6.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Damon Wayans Jr. He was created by Steven t Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung and was created by Steve T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau, an American.
Baymax is a character created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau. He appears in Big Hero 6 that stars Jamie Chung.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung. Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Baymax a character in Big Hero 6 was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steve T. Seagle. Maya Rudolph was one of the stars in the film version of Big Hero 6.
Baymax, is a character in Big Hero 6 whose creators are Steve T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau, an American and it stars Maya Rudolph.
Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rudolph.
