Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain.
Ajoblanco is from Spain.
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco.
An ingredient of Ajoblanco is garlic.
Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco contains water.
Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia.
Almond is classed as a flowering plant.
Almonds are in the division of flowering plants.
Almond is part of the Rosaceae family.
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family.
Almond is one of the members of the Rosales order.
Almond is part of the order of Rosids.
Almonds are from the order Rosids.
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in an Italian meal.
A variation of Amatriciana sauce includes onion, garlic, black pepper, and chili.
A variation of Amatriciana sauce contains onion, garlic, black pepper, chili.
Amatriciana sauce can be varied by adding garlic.
One variation of Amatriciana sauce uses garlic as part of its dish.
Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Olive oil is one ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Amatriciana sauce has tomato as one of its ingredients.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce.
Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio.
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region.
Susana Diaz is a leader of Andalusia.
Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia.
The Antioquia Department is found in Colombia.
The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia.
The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem.
Arem-arem can be served as a main course.
Arem arem is a main course.
Lemper is a dish variation of Arem-Arem.
Lemper is a variation of Arem arem.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem.
Arem-arem uses the ingredient banana leaf.
Arem-arem have banana leaf in it.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce has basil as a variation.
To vary arrabbiata sauce, basil may be used.
Basil can be included in Arrabbiaita sauce.
Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce.
Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce.
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is garlic.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain.
Arròs negre is from Spain.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient of Arròs negre.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre.
The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
The alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh.
Asam padeh is also known as Asam pedas.
An alternative name for Asam pedas is Asam padeh.
Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia.
Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from.
Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia.
The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is a dish that was created within Malay cuisine.
Padang cuisine has resulted in the creation of the dish Asam pedas.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
The main ingredients of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula.
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula.
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra.
The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family.
Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family.
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family.
Avocado is under the order of laurales.
The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order.
Avocado is a fruit of the order Laurales.
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java.
The country of Ayam penyet is Java.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet'.
Ayam penyet has fried chicken in it.
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is made nationwide, and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia.
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich.
BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
BLT is a variation of club sandwich.
one of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich is Lettuce.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States.
Bacon Explosion is a main course.
Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion.
Bacon is an ingredient in the dish 'Bacon Explosion'.
An ingredient of a bacon explosion is sausage.
Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion.
Sausage is an ingredient of a Bacon Explosion.
The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion.
The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon.
Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion.
sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The bacon sandwich has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT.
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT.
A bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon.
An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is bread.
One ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich.
An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is brown sauce.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Brown sauce is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich.
Condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich.
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches.
Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich.
one of the ingredients of a Bacon Sandwich is Ketchup.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China.
France, United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska.
Baked Alaska is from France, the United States or China.
Baked Alaska is a dish in China.
Baked Alaska is from China.
Baked Alaska comes from China.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France.
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France.
Baked Alaska is from France.
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States.
Baked Alaska is a dish found in the U.S.
Baked Alaska is from the United States.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska.
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska.
Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska.
One of the ingredients of Baked Alaska is Sponge Cake.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska.
The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska.
Hong Kong or New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is found.
Baked Alaska comes from either Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska comes from the region of New York.
Baked Alaska is from the New York region.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert.
Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert.
Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in the bakewell tart.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
An ingredient of bakewell tart is shortcrust pastry.
Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient of a Bakewell tart.
Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient in a Bakewell tart.
Bakewell tart comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
The bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area.
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine.
Bakso is made in China.
Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from.
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso.
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso.
Ground beef is an ingredient in Basko.
Ground beef is one ingredient in Bakso.
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso.
The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso.
Bakso is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too.
Bakso is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia.
Bakso is food found in Indonesia.
Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
Arepa is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Black pudding is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Black pudding is included in the list of ingredients needed to make Bandeja paisa.
Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
Fried egg is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa.
fried egg is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Kidney beans are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Pork belly is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa is Pork belly.
Rice is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Rice is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
Rice is included in Bandeja paisa.
The main ingredients in bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon".
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department.
Antioquia Department is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region.
Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs.
Barny Cakes have 18.0g of carbohydrates.
The country Barny Cakes come from is France.
Barny cakes can be found in France.
barny cakes can be made with apple.
One dish variation called Barny Cakes is the use of milk in the recipe.
Strawberries can be added to barny cakes.
a variation of Barny Cakes is to use Strawberry.
Barny cakes contain 4.8 g of fat.
Barny cakes contain 4.8g of fat.
Barny cakes are made with sponge cake.
Barny cakes were invented in 1999.
Barny Cakes were introduced in 1999.
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia.
Batagor is found in Indonesia.
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish.
Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor.
Batagor should be served hot.
Batagor is a dish best served hot.
Batagor should be served "hot".
Batchoy is a dish served as a soup course.
Batchoy is a type of soup.
Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy.
beef is an ingredient in batchoy.
Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy.
Pork is an ingredient of Batchoy.
Pork is an ingredient in Batchoy.
one of the ingredients of Batchoy is Pork.
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz, Iloilo City.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City.
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef Kway Teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow.
Oyster sauce is contained in Beef kway teow.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow.
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow.
The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are: Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region.
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore.
Bhajji comes from the country India.
Bhajji originates from India.
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji.
Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji.
Bhajji includes the ingredient vegetables.
The main ingredients in Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji.
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region.
The dish bhajji is related to pakora.
Bhajji is a snack that is similar to Pakora.
bhajji and pakora are related.
Bhajji is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from whet or corn flour.
Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji.
Bhajji is a similar dish to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
The county Binignit comes from is the Philippines.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines.
Binignit should be served as the dessert course.
Binignit is a type of dessert.
Binignit is a dessert.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit.
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit.
coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit.
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit.
Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit.
sago is an ingredient in Binignit.
Sweet potato is and ingredient in Binignit.
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes.
one of the ingredients of Binignit is Sweet potato.
One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana.
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana.
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk.
The main ingredient of Bingnit is coconut milk.
One of the main ingredients in Binignit is sago.
Sago is the main ingredient in binignit.
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato.
Taro is a main ingredient of Binignit.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Taro.
Taro is a main ingredient in Binignit.
Binignit comes from the region Mindanao.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico.
Bionico is served at the dessert course.
Bionico is a dish served for dessert.
Bionico is a dessert.
Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico.
Honey can be added to bionico.
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico.
Condensed milk is an ingredient in Bionico.
Condensed milk is used in bionico,.
Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico.
Bionico contains raisins.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico.
Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of Bionico.
sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico.
Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico.
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Chopped Fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico.
Bionico can be found in Guadalajara.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region.
The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont.
Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia.
Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia.
Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia.
Celery is in the family of Apiaceae.
Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae.
Celery is a member of the genus Apium.
Celery is of the Apium genus.
Celery is from the genus apium.
Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain.
Chicharrón is a dish found in the country of Spain.
Chicharrón is found in the Andalusia region.
Chicharron is from the Andalusia region.
Standard Chinese is the language of China.
Standard Chinese is a language in China.
Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire.
Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire.
The Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire.
Cookie is a type of dessert.
A cookie is a dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert.
sandesh is a dessert.
In France the currency is the Euro.
The Euro is the currency in France.
the currency of France is the Euro.
The French language is spoken in France.
French is the national language of France.
French is a language spoken in France.
Claude Bartolone is a leader of France.
Claude Bartolone is France's leader.
Claude Bartolone leads France.
The leader of France is Francois Hollande.
François Hollande is the leader of France.
The leader of France is Gérard Larcher.
Gerard Larcher is the leader of France.
The leader of France is Manuel Valls.
Manuel Valls is a leader in France.
Manual Valls is the leader of France.
A main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken.
The main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken.
Guadalajara is in the country of Mexico.
Guadalajara is located in Mexico.
In Hong Kong, the spoken language is Chinese.
Chinese is spoken in Hong Kong.
Chinese is a language of Hong Kong.
Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kong.
Politician Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong.
Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong.
Indian people are from India.
Indians is the name given to people from India.
Narendra Modi is a leader in India.
Narendra Modi is the name of the leader of India.
Narendra Modi is the leader of India.
T. S. Thakur is India's leader.
The leader of India is called T. S. Thakur.
T.S. Thakur is the leader of India.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia.
In Indonesia the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Money in Indonesia is called the Indonesian rupiah.
Indonesia's currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia.
Indonesia's leader's name is Joko Widodo.
Rome is the capital of Italy.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
The spoken language in Italy is Italian.
Italian is the language spoken in Italy.
The language of Italy is Italian.
The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini.
Laura Boldrini is a key leader in Italy.
The leader in Italy is Laura Boldrini.
Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy.
The leader of Italy is Matteo Renzi.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
Pietro Grasso leads Italy.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero.
Jesús Casillas Romero is the name of Jalisco's leader.
The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java.
The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala.
Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnatka.
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka.
The lemon belongs to the rutaceae family.
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae.
Lemon is part of genus Citrus.
Lemon is from the genus citrus.
A lemon is included in the order of Sapindales.
Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales.
lemons are classified in the order sapindales.
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Kuala Lumpur is the Malaysian capital.
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia.
The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya.
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia.
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia.
one of the ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian Indian.
The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia.
Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader in Malaysia.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader of Malaysia.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia.
Arifin Zakaria is the name of the leader of Malaysia.
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia.
Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia.
the name of the leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak.
The currency in Mexico is the peso.
The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso.
The currency of Mexico is the peso.
In Mexico one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish.
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico.
Mexican Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
The leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto.
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico.
Mondelez International was founded in Chicago.
Arabic is one of the languages that is spoken in New York.
Arabic is one language spoken in New York.
The French Language can be heard in New York.
French is a language in New York.
As a dish variation on a pakora, cauliflower can be used.
Pakora can be varied by using paneer.
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Chinese Filipino people are from the Philippines.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines.
one of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Igorot people.
Ilocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines.
The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines.
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines.
people of Moro ethnicity are from the Philippines.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines.
one of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Zamboangans.
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines.
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines.
In the Philippines, the spoken language is Philippine Spanish.
The language used in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish.
The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish.
The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English.
Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines.
Siomay is a variation on shumai.
A variation of Shumai is Siomay.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay.
Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai.
The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar.
Singapore dollar is the currency in Singapore.
The English language is spoken in Singapore.
One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English.
English is spoken in Singapore.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore.
Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore.
Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore's leader.
Halimah Yacob leads Singapore.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Batagor and Siomay are variation of the same dish.
Batagor is a dish variation of Siomay.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay.
Spain uses the euro for its currency.
The Euro is the currency in Spain.
The currency of Spain is Euro.
Spaniards are from Spain.
Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain.
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain.
The ethnic group for Spain is Spaniards.
In Spain the language spoken is the Spanish language.
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain.
the language of Spain is Spanish.
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain.
One the ethnic groups on Sumatra is the Acehnese people.
Acehnese people form one of the ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Acehnese people are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
Batak is the ethnic group in Sumatra.
Batak is an ethnic group found in Sumatra.
Batak is an ethnic group in Sumatra.
The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Sumatra.
Sumatra has an ethnic group called the Minangkabau people.
Sweet potato belongs to flowering plants.
Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales.
Sweet potato is of the order Solanales.
Tomato is part of the flowering plant division.
Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae.
The tomato comes from the Solanaceae family.
The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae.
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum.
The tomato is of the order Solanales.
Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales.
London is the Capital of the United Kingdom.
London is the capital city of the United Kingdom.
London is the capital of the UK.
The language of the United Kingdom is the English language.
English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom.
English is spoken in the UK.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK.
Elizabeth II is the head of state in the United Kingdom.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
Washington, D.C is the capital of the United States.
The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
African Americans are an ethic group in the United States.
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The English language is used in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
English is a language spoken in the United States.
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States.
Joe Biden is one of the leaders of the United States.
Joe Biden is a political leader in the U.S.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States.
Paul Ryan is a leader in United States.
United States leader is called Paul Ryan.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the U.S.
The leader of the United States is called the President.
The leader of the United States has a title of President.
The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig.
Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community.
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community.
Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco which originates from the country of Spain.
Ajoblanco, containing the ingredient garlic, is from Spain.
Garlic is an ingredient in the regional dish of Spain's Ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain that contains olive oil.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain.
Ajoblanco, which contains olive oil, originates from Spain.
Ajoblanco contains water and is from Spain.
Ajoblanco has water as an ingredient and comes from Spain.
The dish of ajoblanco contains water it originates in Spain.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where the name for the people there are Spaniards.
Ajoblanco is from spain as are Spaniards.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain, where Spaniards are from.
Spaniards of Spain boasts the origins of the dish, ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is a dish from Spain.
Ajoblanco, originating from the country of Spain, has almonds as one of its ingredients.
Almond is an ingredient in the Spanish dish ajoblanco.
Almond (class:flowering plant), is an ingredient in ajoblanco.
A flowering plant includes the division of Almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco.
Almond is classed as a flowering plant and is an ingredient of Ajoblanco.
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family and are an ingredient in ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco has almond (part of the Rosaceae family) as one of its ingredients.
Ajoblanco, a member of the Rosaceae family, includes the ingredient, almond.
Ajoblanco has almond (of the Rosales order) as one of its ingredients.
Almonds are an ingredient of Ajoblanco and is a member of the Rosales order.
Almond is an ingredient found in ajoblanco, Almond is also a member of the Rosales order.
The order Rosids features almonds which are an ingredient in ajobanco.
Almond is part of the order of Rosids and is an ingredient in ajoblanco.
The Rosids has Almond as part of the order and its also an ingredient of ajoblanco.
One of the ingredients used to make Ajoblanco is bread and it comes from Andalusia.
Ajoblanco is a food from Andalusia and garlic is one of its ingredients.
An ingredient of Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia, is garlic.
Garlic is an ingredient of Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia.
Ajoblanco, which contains olive oil, is a food found in Andalusia.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia and includes olive oil.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia and it contains water.
Ajoblanco contains water and is from Andalusia.
Ajoblanco contains water and is from the Andalusia region.
Susana Diaz of edger Blanco is the leader of Andalusia.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region where Susana Diaz is the leader.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, where Susana Diaz is the leader.
Guanciale is an ingredient in the traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce, from Italy.
Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce contains olive oil and comes from Italy.
Amatriciana sauce, which includes the ingredient olive oil, can be found in Italy.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient used in Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce made with Pecorino Romano.
Pecorino romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Italy.
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and is where the Italian language is spoken.
Italy where Italian is spoken is also where amatriciana sauce originated.
Italian is the language spoken in Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the leader is Laura Boldrini.
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso where amatriciana sauce can be found.
Amatricana sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, which is where Amatriciana sauce comes from.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy where Amatriciana sauce comes from.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy, which is also where Amatriciana sauce comes from.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
A varient of amatriciana sauce contains onion, garlic, black pepper and chilli.
one Amatriciana sauce variation is onion, garlic, black pepper and chili- sometimes garlic is added.
Variations of Amatriciana sauce includes onion, garlic, black pepper, and chili.
One variation of Amatriciana sauce contains onion, garlic, black pepper, chili, another just uses the onion as an alternative.
Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce which has several variations including garlic, black pepper and chili.
An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is tomato (a member of the Solanales order).
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatariciana sauce and is a member of the order Solanales.
Tomatoes, which are one of the members of the order Solanales, is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which is from Lazio.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio.
An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is guanciale, the sauce comes from the Lazio region.
Olive oil is used in the Lazio regions Amatriciana sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio.
Amatriciana sauce, containing olive oil, comes from the region of Lazio.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region and one of its ingredients is pecorino romano.
Lazio's regional Amatriciana sauce includes Pecorino Romano.
Banana leaf is an ingredient of arem arem which originates from Indonesia.
Arem arem contains banana leaf and originates from Indonesia.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and it contains banana leaf.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia which has the currency of the Indonesian rupiah.
Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem and its currency is the Indonesian Rupiah.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, the currency there is the rupiah.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoken.
The country of Indonesia, where Indonesian is spoken, commonly serves Arem-arem.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where the language spoken bears the name of the country.
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo which commonly serves arem arem.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia and it's leader is Joko Widodo.
The banana leaf, an ingredient found in Arem arem, is an Indonesian dish, most popular in Java.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java and it uses banana leaf as an ingredient.
Arem-arem is nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java and one of the ingredients is banana leaf.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem, a dish from Java.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish and uses the ingredient banana leaf.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that contains banana leaf.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java and it's main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of Arem-arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java.
Arem-arem is an Indonesian dish but more specific to Java and has the main ingredients of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem arem is a dish comprised of compressed rice, cooked in banana leaves and filled with vegetables or meat, is an Indonesian recipe.
To make an Arem-Arem you need compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and this meal originates from Indonesia.
Indonesian dish Arem Arem includes the filling compressed rice, (cooked in a banana leaf) with vegetables or minced meat.
Arem arem comes from Indonesia where the language is known as Indonesian.
Arem arem has its origins in Indonesian speaking, Indonesia.
Arem arem is a food which comes from Indonesia, whose leader is Joko Widodo.
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia where Arem arem comes from.
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo where arem arem comes from.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem, a Javanese dish, are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and Pietro Grasso is it's leader.
Pietro Grasson is the leader of Italy, where arrabbiata sauce can be found.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of Rome, is chili pepper.
An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce (from the Rome region) is chili pepper.
The chili pepper serves as an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, a traditional dish from Rome.
An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce, which can be found in Italy, is garlic.
The Italian sauce Arrabbiata contains garlic.
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome and includes the ingredient garlic.
Arrabbiata sauce, a dish from Rome, includes garlic as a component.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, and originates from the region of Rome.
The Rome region created the Arrabbiata sauce and it has an ingredient called tomato.
Tomato (from the family of solanaceae) is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and are an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce.
Tomatoes are members of the Solanaceae family. They are used in Arrabbiata sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is from the order Solanales.
Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales and it's used in Arrabbiata sauce.
Tomatoes, of the order Solanales, are found in Arrabiata sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce, a dish from Rome.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arros negre which is from Spain.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, Cubanelle is an ingredient.
Cubanelle is an ingredient in the Spanish dish of Arros negre.
Arros negre is a traditional Spanish dish made with Cubanelle.
Arròs negre is from Spain and it uses cuttlefish as an ingredient.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arros negre which is a traditional dish from Spain.
White rice is an ingredient of Arros negre which is a traditional dish from Spain.
White rice is used in Arros negre which is from Spain.
Arros negre contains white rice as an ingredient and it comes from Spain.
From the Catalonia region in Spain comes the traditional dish called Arros Negre.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain.
Arros negre is from Catalonia, Spain.
Spaniards and Arros negre come from Spain.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Spaniards live.
Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain and one of the traditional dishes there is Arròs negre.
Arros negre is from Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Arròs negre is from Spain, which is populated by Spaniards.
The spanish dish arros negre is traditional.
Arros negre is from Spain and it's leader is Felipe VI.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where Arròs negre is a traditional dish.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, where one can find Arros negre.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in the Catalonia regional dish, Arros negre.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in the Catalonian dish of Arros negre.
Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia and is the region that Arros negre is from.
The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia and in this region you can find Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region and it's leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia.
Arros negre, which contains squid, comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Arros negre includes squid among its ingredients and comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community and has squid as one of its ingredients.
Arros negre originates from the Valencian community which is lead by Ximo Puig.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community where Ximo Puig is a leader.
Indonesia is home to the Asam Pedas which are from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula and Indonesia.
Asam pedas is an Indonesian dish found in the Malay Peninsula.
Asam pedas is an Indonesia dish popular with Joko Widodo.
The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader.
Indonesia's leader's name is Joko Widodo which is where Asam pedas comes from.
Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of Asam pedas which is a food found in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
The main ingredients of the Malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and originates from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
Asam pedas is found in the region of Malaysia, Sumatra and Malay peninsula.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia that's from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra which is a food found in Malaysia.
Sumatran dish asam pedas is found in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and is also found in Malaysia.
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia where Asam pedas is a local food.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, of which the capital city is Putrajaya.
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia where Asam pedas is one of the foods.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia whose capital is Putrajaya.
Malaysia includes the Malaysian chinese and is a locale for the dish: Asam pedas.
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia where Asam pedas is a local food,.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, a country that has Malay people as an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malay are an ethnic group.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Asam pedas is a food that can be found there.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Abdul Halim of Kedah is it's leader.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and it's leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia where one of the local foods is asam pedas.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Abu Zahar Ujang is it's leader.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader.
Arifin Zakaria is leader of Malaysia, where Asam pedas is found.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria is the leader.
Asam pedas is a dish found in Malaysia. where the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the leader is Najib Razak.
Asam pedas can be found in the country of Malaysia who has a leader called Najib Razak.
Asam pedas is a common food found in Malaysia who has a leader called Najib Razak.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia and is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula.
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region and comes from Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula and is from Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula, Indonesia and Malaysia.
The dish of asam pedas is from Sumatra in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia, Malaysia and Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Indonesia and Malaysia.
Avocado (Laurales order) is included in the Bandeja paisa dish.
The order of laurales has avocado which an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa and is a member of the Laurales plant order.
Ayam penyet, which comes from Java, has fried chicken in it.
A food found in Java is ayam penyet which has fried chicken in it.
Ayam penyet made in Java has fried chicken as the main ingredient.
Ayam penyet is and Indonesian dish that contains fried chicken.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in the dish Ayam Penyet which is from Indonesia.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish Ayam penyet.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet, it is served with sambal.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the dish 'ayam penyet'.
The chicken dish ayam penyet has fried chicken in it.
Fried chicken is included in ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal; it is from Indonesia.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the Indonesian dish of ayam penyet.
The main ingredients of the Indonesian dish known as Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet comes from Java but is made nationwide, and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a food that can be found nationwide, in Java and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is made nationwide, and can also be found in Malaysia, Singapore and Java.
Ayam penyet, a dish which contains fried chicken, can be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet, which uses fried chicken, is made nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet, which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penet is popular in Malaysia and also found in Java.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, and it comes from the region of Malaysia.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet' which comes from Malaysia.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in the popular Malaysian dish of Ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia where Ayam penyet is a popular dish.
Ayam Penyet derives from the country of Malaysia which has an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese people.
Fried chicken is an ingredient of Ayam penyet which is from the region of Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and it has fried chicken in it.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which comes from Singapore.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore region where standard Chinese is spoken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Chinese is spoken.
Standard Chinese is a language of Singapore, where Ayam penyet is a traditional dish.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore whose leader is Tony Tan.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where the leader is Tony Tan.
Bacon is an ingredient of the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.
Bacon is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.
If you've heard of a Bacon Explosion you might not know that it was created in The United States and the main ingredient is actually bacon.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington, D.C.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and the capital is Washington, D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is where the bacon explosion comes from.
The United States is home to the Bacon Explosion and African Americans.
Bacon explosion is a dish from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Bacon Explosion comes from.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in USA which is the country of Bacon Explosion.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Native Americans and country Bacon Explosion both are from the United States.
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the Bacon Explosion originates.
The Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where white Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The English language is used in the United States where people can find the Bacon Explosion.
English and Bacon Explosion are both found in the US.
English speaking United States boasts the Bacon Explosion.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama was once the leader.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, whose leader is Barack Obama.
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States which is home to the bacon explosion.
Joe Biden and bacon explosion are both from the United States.
Joe Biden is one of the leaders of the United States where the Bacon Explosion comes from.
Joe Biden is one of the leaders from the United States, where Bacon Explosion comes from.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States and Paul Ryan is it's leader.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader.
Sausage is a main ingredient in the dish 'Bacon Explosion', which also contains bacon.
Bacon and sausage are ingredients in a Bacon Explosion.
Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion but it also uses bacon.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area and contains bacon.
Bacon is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Bacon is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion, which is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others.
Bacon Explosion is a main course that has sausage as an ingredient.
Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion, originating from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Bacon Explosion, which includes sausage, is from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Bacon Explosion, containing sausage, is from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Bacon Explosion includes sausage and bacon.
Bacon Explosion is a dish made of sausage and bacon.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are both bacon and sausage.
Bacon and sausage make up a bacon explosion.
Bacon Explosion's main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
Ingredients used in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
Brown sauce can be added to a bacon sandwich and its nicknames include bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is brown sauce and it can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon Sandwich includes brown sauce. The bacon sandwich also goes by the following: bacon butty, bacon sarnie, bacon sanger, piece' n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Many condiments can be used to enhance the flavour of a bacon sandwich which is also referred to as a Bacon Butty, Bacon Sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, Bacon Sanger, Piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
A bacon sandwich, usually containing added condiments, can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich goes by the names: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, and bacon muffin. Condiments are included in a bacon sandwich.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and not surprisingly includes bacon as an ingredient.
Bacon is the main ingredient of the bacon sandwich that comes from the United Kingdom.
The UK is famous for its liking of the Bacon Sandwich which features a surprising main ingredient called bacon.
A bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom, consists of bacon inside two slices of bread.
Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which comes from the United Kingdom.
The United Kingdom are famous for their love of a Bacon Sandwich and the main ingredient is bread.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which are popular in the UK.
A bacon sandwich with brown sauce is popular in the UK.
An ingredient in a bacon sandwhich is brown sauce and bacon sandwiches are popular in the U.K.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and condiments are ingredients used in them.
A Bacon sandwich is prepared with condiments and is a dish from the United Kingdom.
Condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches which come from United Kingdom.
The bacon sandwich, to which ketchup is often added, comes from the United Kingdom.
Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK.
A tasty addition to a bacon sandwich is ketchup which is popular in the UK.
You can use bacon inside a BLT sandwich which also includes lettuce as one of the ingredients.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT, it includes lettuce.
When lettuce is added to a bacon sandwich it is known as a BLT.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT and one of the ingredients is tomatoes.
One variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT, in which the tomato is a key ingredient.
Tomato is an ingredient of the BLT and a bacon sandwhich is a variation.
A better variation of the bacon sandwich is BLT which also includes lettuce and tomato.
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT which includes the ingredient bacon.
Bacon is an ingredient of a BLT; or bacon sandwich.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which has a variation known as the BLT.
Condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches and a variation of it is the BLT.
Condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches and a variation is the BLT.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which has ketchup as one of the ingredients.
The bacon sandwich, containing ketchup, is a variation of BLT.
Ketchup is included in the bacon sandwich, also referred to as a BLT.
Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
One of the ingredients of a Bacon Sandwich is Ketchup, and it can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska, which has ice cream as an ingredient, is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China.
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which originated in United States, France or China.
Meringue is found in Baked Alaska which France, USA and China claim to have invented.
Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China and has meringue as an ingredient.
Baked Alaska with meringue is from France, the US and China.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is said to come from either France, United States or China.
France, United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska, which is made from sponge cake.
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dish in China.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from China.
Baked Alaska is from China and one of the ingredients in it is ice cream.
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France, where French is the national language.
Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the language spoken.
Baked Alaska is from France, where french is spoken.
Baked Alaska originates from the country of France who has Gerard Larcher as the leader.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and includes the ingredient Christmas pudding.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in (U.S. consumed) Baked Alaska.
Christmas pudding can be an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Ice Cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dish found in the U.S.
Baked Alaska is an American dish made with ice cream.
Baked Alaska, made with ice cream is from the US.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the US.
Baked Alaska which contains sponge cake is found in the U.S.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the United States.
Baked Alaska and Sandesh are both desserts.
Baked Alaska and Sandesh are desserts.
Bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and it contains ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
The dessert, Blackwell pudding, includes: ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and it's main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and some of the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which uses ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it uses frangipane.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is frangipane.
Bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients and originates from the Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and the ingredients include ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients and hails from the Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire.
Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire and is where the Bakewell pudding is from.
Bakewell pudding is from Derbyshire Dales region which is found if the County of Derbyshire.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbyshire.
Derbyshire has an area within it called the Derbyshire dales where Bakewell pudding originates.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales, Derbyshire.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Patrick McLoughlin is one of the leaders of this region.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales where Bakewell pudding originates from.
Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert and can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding, a classic dessert, can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding includes: Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs and can be served fresh (and warm) or cold.
Bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients and can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding (which can be served warm or cold) are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding can be served either fresh and warm, or cold.
Bakewell pudding can be served freshly baked (warm) or served cold.
You can serve a Bakewell pudding warm or cold.
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is made in China.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which is made in China.
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is included in the Indonesian dish, Bakso.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Bakso, which has ground beef in it, is a dish from the country of Indonesia.
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso, from Chinese cuisine.
Beef is an ingredient in the Chinese dish Bakso.
Basko , a Chinese dish, is made with beef as a main ingredient.
Noodles are used in Bakso which is a type of food that is made in China.
Bakso is made in China and it contains noodles.
The Chinese dish Bakso contains noodles.
Bakso contains noodles and comes from Indonesia.
Bakso is a dish containing noodles, from Indonesia.
Bakso is a noodle dish that comes from Indonesia.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China.
Bakso is from the chinese cuisine and contains tapioca.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso, a dish from the country of Indonesia.
Columbian Bandeja paisa includes the ingredient, Hogao.
Bandeja paisa, which has hogao in it, is typical Colombian cuisine.
Colombian dish Bandeja paisa has Hogao as an ingredient.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine and one of the ingredients is pork belly.
Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is a dish from Colombia.
Pork belly is an ingredient in the typical colombian dish of bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is a popular Colombian cuisine, originating from the Antioquia Department region.
A typical dish found in Columbia is Bandeja paisa, which comes from the Antioquia Department region.
Bandeja paisa is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia Department region.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region.
Columbian Bandeja paisa boasts the ingredient Arepa.
Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa, which is a dish from Colombian cuisine.
Arepa is an ingredient in the Columbian cuisine Bandeja paisa.
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family and is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Avocado, a member of the Lauraceae family, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Advocado is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of the Lauraceae family.
An ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea.
Persea is the genus of the avocado which is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa.
Avocado (genus Persea) is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa.
Columbian Bandeja paisa includes the ingredient, avocado.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and uses avocado in it.
Colombian cuisine includes a dish which has black pudding as an ingredient and that is called bandeja paisa.
Columbian Bandeja pasta includes the component, black pudding.
Black pudding is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa.
Chorizo is an ingredient of the typical Colombian cuisine known as Bandeja Paisa.
Bandeja paisa, which uses chorizo, is typical Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa, containing Chorizo, is part of Columbian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine, it includes a fried egg.
Columbian bandeja paisa includes a fried egg.
Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a dish from Colombian cuisine.
Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa, which is part of Columbian cuisine.
Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa, which is typical Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and it uses ground meat.
Bandeja pasta (Columbia) includes the ingredient, kidney beans.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and contains kidney beans.
The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is a dish from Colombia.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of Columbian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish and has lemon as one of the ingredients.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa includes a member of the Rutaceae family; lemon.
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a member of the Rutaceae family.
Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales and is an ingredient in the dish Banjeda paisa.
Lemons are classified in the order sapindales and are an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
A Bandeja Paisa uses the ingredient of a lemon and its included in the order of the Sapindales.
Barny Cakes originated in France, where French is a spoken language.
Barny cakes come from France where French is the national language.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is François Hollande.
The country Barny Cakes come from is France, where Francois Hollande is a leader.
The leader of France is Gerard Larcher and the country is home to the dish known as Barny cakes.
Barny cakes are available in France, where Gerard Larcher is the leader.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Barny Cakes originated in France (led by Manuel Valls).
Barny cakes can be found in France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Barny cakes are found in France where Manual Valls is a leader.
Barney cakes contain 4.8g of fat and 18g of carbs.
Barny Cakes contain 4.8g of fat and 18.0g of carbohydrates.
Barny cakes contain 4.8 g of fat and have 18 g of carbohydrates.
Barny cakes can be found in France and are made with sponge cake.
Barny cakes, which are made from sponge cake, come from France.
Barny cakes come from France and are made with sponge cake.
Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein and 18 g of carbs.
Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein and 18.0g of carbohydrates.
Barny Cakes (1999 introduction) have 18 g. or carbohydrates.
Barny cakes have 18.0g of carbohydrates and were invented in 1999.
Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs and were invented in 1999.
Batagor has these main ingredients: fried fish dumplings, tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and comes from Indonesia.
A batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and can be found in Indonesia.
Batagor ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and it is found in Indonesia.
Batagor is a hot dish served in Indonesia.
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia and should be served hot.
The country of Indonesia like to serve hot dishes of the main meal Batagor.
Batagor (which is a variation of Sioay) and shumai are variations on the same dish.
Batagor, Siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish.
The Siomay dish has variations including Batagor and Shumai.
Batagor is a variation of a Siomay dish found in Indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and is found in Indonesia.
Batagor, Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish.
Shumai and Batagor are variations of the Siomay dish.
Shumai is a variation of Batagor which has Peanut sauce as an ingredient.
You can use peanut sauce as an ingredient of Batagor and Shumai is a variation of the same dish.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai and it uses peanut sauce.
The Philippines like to enjoy the dish Batchoy which has a main ingredient of Beef.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines that contains beef.
Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines.
Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines.
Noodles are an ingredient in the Philippines dish called Batchoy.
An ingredient in batchoy are noodles and they originate from the Philippines.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and one of the ingredients in it is pork.
Batchoy is a Philippine dish that contains the ingredient pork.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, it includes the ingredient pork.
Vegetables are ingredients of Batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines.
Vegetables are used in Batchoy which is from the country of the Phillippines.
Vegetables are an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Batchoy, a dish from the Philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy, which is eaten in the Philippines, is mainly comprised of noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and contains noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, one of the ethnic groups there is the Igorot people.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Ilocano people are an ethnic group.
Batchoy is a dis found in the Phillipines; the Ilocano people are an ethnic group living there.
The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten.
Batchoy and the ethnic group The Moro People come from the Philippines.
The Moro people come from the Philippines, where Batchoy is served.
Batchoy is eaten by the Moro people, an ethnic group in the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef and it's served as a soup course.
Batchoy is a soup dish made with noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy soup includes: noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy which comes from the Philippines.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, is made with chicken.
Batchoy includes chicken which is a class of bird.
Batchoy includes poultry (bird); chicken.
Chicken (a bird), is an ingredient found in Batchoy.
Noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef are main ingredients of Batchoy which is found in La Paz, Iloilo City.
Batchoy which originated in La Paz, Iloilo City uses noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef as it's main ingredients.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia, it includes oyster sauce.
Oyster sauce is used in Beef kway teow which is a popular food of Indonesia.
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is an Indonesian dish.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular food in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia and it contains palm sugar.
Beef kway teow, containing sesame oil, is a dish in Indonesia.
Indonesian dish Beef Kway teow is made with sesame oil.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow, which comes from Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in the popular Singapore dish of Beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow is a Singapore dish which contains oyster sauce.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is a dish from Sinagpore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow, which is a dish popular in Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish.
Standard Chinese is spoken in the beef kway teow regional dishes' origin of Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where standard Chinese is spoken.
Beef Kway Teow uses Oyster sauce as an ingredient and is made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow, found in Singapore and Indonesia, includes oyster sauce.
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore, it includes palm sugar as an ingredient.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow, made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in the Singapore and Indonesian dish, beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow comes from Singaporae region where the English language is spoken.
English is spoken in Singapore where beef kway teow is a dish.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and the counrty's leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Halimah Yacob led, Singapore.
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region where the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji and contains gram flour.
Bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which uses gram flour.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji and bajji, is a dish which contains vegetables.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, includes the ingredient of vegetables.
Vegetables are included in the dishes Bhaji and Bajji.
Bhajji, made from gram flour, originates from India.
Bhajji, which are made of vegetables, originated in the country of India.
The country of India makes a dish called Bhajji, the main ingredients being vegetables.
Vegatables are an ingredient in bhajji which comes from India.
The main ingredients in Bhajji, an Indian dish, are gram flour and vegetables.
India is the origin of Bhajji, a dish that includes: gram flour and vegetables.
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which originates in India.
Bhajji comes from the country India, where Narendra Modi is the leader.
Bhajji comes from the country India where Narendra Modi is a leader.
Gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji which are found in the Karnataka region.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region, and contain gram flour.
The Karnataka region enjoys bhajji which have the ingredient of gram flour.
Bhajji includes vegetables that come from the Karnataka region.
Bhajji, containing vegetables, are found in the region of Karnataka.
Bhajji includes vegetables as ingredients and comes from the Karnataka region.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region and it's leader is Vajubhai Vala.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region where the leader is Vajubhai Vala.
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka, where Bhajji originates from.
A variation of pakora can be achieved by adding paneer, pakora is related to bhajji.
Pakora can be varied by using paneer, and is similar to the snacks Bhajjis.
The dish bhajji is related to pakora which can be varied by using paneer.
Bhajji is a dish made from whet or corn flour and includes vegetables.
Bhajji is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables.
Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses vegetables as one of the ingredients.
The Philippine dish of Binignit contains banana as an ingredient.
A dish found in the Philippines is binignit which contains bananas.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains coconut milk.
The binignit dish,which has coconut milk as an ingredient, can be found in the Philippines.
Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit, which can be found in the Philippines.
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit which is a Philippine dish.
Binignit is a dish from the Phillippines, whose ingredients include taro.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which comes from the Philippines.
Binignit is an ingredient found in taro and originates from the Philippines.
Binignit and cookies are both a type of dessert.
Binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert.
Binignit should be served as the dessert course, as should cookies.
Binignit and sandesh are both dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can be served as a dessert, as is Binignit.
Two types of deserts that can be served are Binignit and Sandesh.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit which comes from the Philippines.
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes, it is a dish of the Phillippines.
Binignit comes from the Philippines and one of the ingredients is sweet potato.
Binignit is made of sweet potato and coconut milk.
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes but the main ingredient is coconut milk.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk.
Two ingredients for Binignit is Taro and sweet potato.
Binignit includes sweet potato and (the main ingredient) taro.
Binignit includes sweet potato and (as a main ingredient), taro.
Binignit is an ingredient of Sweet potato and sweet potato belongs to Solanales order of plants.
An ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato which is part of the order of Solanales.
Sweet potatoes from the order of Solanles are in binignit recipes.
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and this dish can be found in the Philippines.
The main ingredient of Binignit, found in the Philippines, is coconut milk.
Binignit, a dish found in the Phillipines, contains sago as one of its main ingredients.
Sago is the main ingredient of binigit, found in the Phillippines.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and one of the main ingredients is the sweet potato.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and the main ingredient is sweet potatoes.
Biniignit from the Phillippines is made with sweet potatoes.
The main ingredients of Binignit are the sweet potato and coconut milk.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato but it also uses coconut milk.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes, and it also includes coconut milk.
Binignit includes the sweet potato as a main ingredient, and sago.
Binignit contains the main ingredient of sweet potatoes and also contains sago.
Binignit includes sweet potato as a main ingredient as well as sago.
Binignits main ingredient is sweet potato and also taro.
Sweet potatoes are a main ingredient of binignit and taro is also an ingredient.
The dish Binignit can be found in the Philippines, it's main ingredient is Taro.
Condensed milk is an ingredient found in the Mexican food of Bionico.
Condensed milk is used in Bionicle which is found in Mexico.
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico, which is a food found in Mexico.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in Mexico.
Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is a Mexican food.
Bionico is a food that contains raisins and is found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico that contains raisins.
Raisins can be found in Bionico which is a food found in Mexico.
Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of Bionico which is a Mexican food dish.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico, a food found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, it includes sour cream.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Mexican Spanish is spoken.
Bionico is a food from Mexico where one of the languages used is Mexican Spanish.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the language is Spanish.
When in Mexico, you'll want to know Spanish is their spoken language and Bionico is a food found there.
In Mexico the spoken language is Spanish and they eat Bionico.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is one of the local foods.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and it's leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico, containing condensed milk, is a dish served for dessert.
Bionico, which has condensed milk in it, is a dish served for dessert.
Condensed milk is included in the dessert, Bionico.
Bionico contains raisins and is served as a dessert.
Bionico is served at the dessert course and it contains raisins.
Bionico is a dessert which contains raisins.
Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of the dessert known as Bionico.
Sour cream is included in the dessert, Bionico.
Sour cream is an ingredient in the preparation of Bionico which is served as a dessert.
Bionico and cookies are both dishes served for dessert.
Bionico and cookie are types of dessert.
Bionico and Cookie are both a type of dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Bionico are both served as desserts.
Bionico is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is a dish served for dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese.
The desert Bionico, can be varied using cottage cheese.
The ingredient condensed milk is used in Bionico and this derives from the region of Jalisco.
Condensed milk is used in bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco.
Bionico, made using condensed milk, is found in the region of Jalisco.
Arros negre is found in the region of Catalonia and the leader of the country is Carles Puigdemont.
Arros negre originates from Catalonia (led by Carles Puigdemont).
Arros negre is a region of Catalonia and Carles Puigdement is it's leader.
Celery is a member of the genus Apium and is an ingredient of Bakso.
Bakso contain celery, which is from the genus apium.
Celery is of the Apium genus and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong where Carrie Lam is a political leader.
Carrie Lam is the politician who leads Hong Kong, where Baked Alaska originates.
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia, where Jakarta is the capital.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and Bakso comes from there.
Jakarta , Indonesia is where Bakso originates.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where you will find Arem arem.
Arem arem comes from Indonesia, a country led by Jusuf Kalla.
Arem arem comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Asam pedas comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Jusuf Kalla led Indonesia boasts the popular Asam pedas dish.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where a popular dish is Asam pedas.
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Bakso comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Basko is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the Leader.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where Rome is the capital.
Rome is the capital of Italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment.
Italy (capital: Rome) is the origin of Amatriciana sauce.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce where the leader is Matteo Renzi.
Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce.
Ayam penyet is a food dish found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java; the Baduy are one of the ethnic groups found in the country.
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Java where an ethnic group is Baduy.
Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java, where the dish ayam penyet can be found.
The country of Ayam penyet is Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group is the origin of Ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago.
Mondelez International, founded in Chicago, is the creator of Barny cakes.
Bhajji and pakora are related and cauliflower can be used as a variation in pakora.
Pakora, similar to Bahajji, can include cauliflower.
The dish bhajji is related to pakora and cauliflower can be used in it.
Batchoy is from The Philippines, which includes the Zamboangan people.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten.
In the country of the Philippines they speak Arabic and a common dish is Batchoy.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, one of the languages used in the Philippines is Arabic.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and Arabic is one of the languages spoken there.
Arabic is one of the languages in the Philippines where Binignit comes from.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where one of the languages used is Arabic.
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines where Batchoy comes from.
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten.
The Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken, is the country Batchoy comes from.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines, where English is spoken.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English.
In the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from, the spoken language is Philippine Spanish.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines which is where Phillippine Spanish is spoken.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where one of the languages spoken is Philippine Spanish.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which is a variation of Siomay.
Batagor and shumai (and its variation of Siomay) are kinds of the same dish.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay and Batagor.
English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where ayam penyet comes from.
Ayam penyet is a regional Singapore cuisine, where English is a spoken language.
English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where they speak English.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore whose leader is Halimah Yacob.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Tony Tan is it's leader.
The Euro is the currency of Spain where arros negro comes from.
In Spain, people pay for the traditional arros negre dish with the Euro.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain, where the euro is used.
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain which is where Ajoblanco is from.
Ajoblanco is from Spain whose language is Spanish.
Spain (language: Spanish) is the origin of the dish, Ajoblanco.
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain where Arròs negre is a traditional dish.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where Spanish is spoken.
Arros negre originates from Spanish speaking Spain.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco originiates from Spain and Felipe VI is it's leader.
Ajoblanco is from Spain and Felipe VI is it's leader.
The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family.
The tomato comes from the Solanaceae family and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where the dish known as Baked Alaska can be found.
Baked Alaska is from the United States (along with ethnic African Americans).
A Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States which has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups of the country.
Baked Alaska and the ethnic Native Americans, originate from the United States.
In the United States Native Americans are an ethnic group and Baked Alaska is a dish found there.
Ajoblanco, also know as "Ajo blanco" , is made with garlic and comes from Spain.
Ajoblanco (alternatively known as Ajo blanco) comes from Spain and has garlic as an ingredient.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain, is also called "Ajo blanco" and has garlic as one of it's ingredients.
An ingredient of ajoblanco (alternative name ajo blanco) is olive oil, the dish originates from Spain.
Ajoblanco (also know as Ajo Blanco) is a dish that originates from the country of Spain and includes the ingredient olive oil.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) contains the ingredient of olive oil and originates from Spain.
Ajo Blanco (sometimes called Ajoblanco) is a dish from Spain that contains water.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) is from Spain and contains water.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) contains water and is found in Spain.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is a food found in Andalusia, in Spain.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco, which comes from the Andalusia region, in Spain.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is found in Andalusia and originates from Spain.
Garlic is and ingredient of Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, in Spain.
Ajoblanco is a dish from the Andalusian region of Spain and includes the ingredient garlic.
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain and uses garlic as an ingredient.
Ajoblanco is made from Olive oil and is found in Andalusia in Spain.
Ajoblanco is a food containing olive oil from Andalusia in Spain.
Coming from Spain, is the dish Ajoblanco (alternatively known as Ajo blanco) which has almond as an ingredient.
Ajoblanco also known as Ajo blanco originates from the country of Spain,one of it's ingredients is Almond.
Almonds are an ingredient in Ajoblanco (alternatively called ajo blanco) from Spain.
Almond is one of the ingredients in Ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region, in the country of Spain.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia in Spain.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco, that is found in Adalusia, Spain.
Almonds are in the division of flowering plants and part of the Rosaceae family. They are an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Almond is classed as a flowering plant and is from the rosaceae family. It is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients, which is part of the Rosaceae family and in the division of flowering plants.
Almond, an ingredient in Ajoblanco, is part of the Rosaceae family and is a member of the Rosales order.
Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family of the Rosales order and are an ingredient in ajoblanco.
Almond, which is one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco, is part of the Rosaceae family and also part of the order of Rosids.
Almonds, an ingredient in Ajoblanco, are from the Rosaceae family and from the order Rosids.
Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family, the order of Rosids, and are an ingredient in ajoblanco.
Almond is part of the order of Rosids and a member of the Rosales order. It is an ingredient of ajoblanco.
Almond is an ingredient of Ajoblanco and are from the order of Rosids and Rosales.
Almonds are a member of the Rosales, or Rosids order, and are an ingredient of ajoblanco.
Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia (in Spain) where Ajoblanco is from.
Originating from Spain, Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, where Susana Diaz is the leader.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia where Susana Diaz is a leader. Ajoblanco is from Spain.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of the traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which is found in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy and has the ingredients guanciale, tomatoes, cheese and olive oil.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce, which can be found in Italy.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce, which is a dish that comes from Italy.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of the Italian Amatriciana sauce as well as pecorino romano.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and pecorino Romano are ingredients of traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce.
Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy is made from tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and Pecorino Romano.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy and is made from tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy and is made from tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of an Amatriciana sauce from Italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce, from Italy, where the language is Italian, and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Pietro Grasso leads Italy, a country where Italian is the spoken language. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Pietro Grasso is leader and the Italian language is spoken.
Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio containing Olive oil.
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce, which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region, Italy, and olive oil is one of its ingredients.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region, in Italy.
Amatriciana, a sauce from Lazio, Italy, contains pecorino romano.
Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio region. One of the ingredients used is pecorino romano.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce, from the Lazio region and Tomato is one of its ingredients.
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio, can be found in Italy and has tomato as an ingredient.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Department. The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which originates from the Antioquia department of Colombia.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Columbia.
Bandeja paisa containing Chicharron is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Bandeja paisa, containing the ingredient Chicharron, comes from the Antioquia Department region of Columbia.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department of Colombia and contains the ingredient Chicharron.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Antioquia Department region, in Colombia.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Department, that can can be found in the country of Colombia.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which originates from the Antioquia department of Colombia.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java, and it uses the banana leaf as an ingredient.
Arem-arem, which contains banana leaf, is served nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java.
The Javanese cuisine dish of arem-arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in Indonesia.
The Javanese cuisine dish of arem-arem originates from Indonesia and has the banana leaf as one it's ingredients.
Arem arem is a dish containing banana leaf. It comes from Javanese cuisine and originates from Indonesia.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and Arem-arem is a traditional dish.
Arem-arem is a dish served in Indonesia. The leader of this country is Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian Rupiah.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian Rupiah and the leader is Joko Widodo.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and Indonesian is the language.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, which leader is Joko Widodo and the language is indonesian.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine, originating from the country of Indonesia, one of whose leaders is Jusuf Kalla.
The Javanese cuisine dish arem-arem is found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Jusef Kalia is the leader of Indonesia where they serve the Japonese dish of Arem-arem.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where the currecncy is Indonesian rupiah and Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader, and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah.
The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem, its leader is Jusuf Kalla and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
In Indonesia; Jusuf Kalla is the leader, Indonesian is the language, and Arem-arem is commonly served.
Indonesian is the language of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and arem-arem is a dish.
Arem-arem is a dish commonly served in Indonesia where the spoken language is Indonesian and Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Found nationwide bit more specific to Java is the dish Arem-arem. The main ingredients of which are; compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The main ingredients in arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. The dish is popular in Indonesia but more specific to the Java region.
From Indonesia, Arem arem's main ingredients are, compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem, which comes from Indonesia, are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The Indonesian dish Arem arem contains compressed rice in a banana leaf with vegetables or minced beef.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and Italian is the language.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy which has the capital city of Rome and uses the Italian language.
Italy is home to the Italian language, the capital Rome and Arrabbiata sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the capital is Rome.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, which leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome.
The sauce called arrabbiata can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Rome is the capitol city.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is the capital city.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and is lead by Pietro Grasso.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is a leader.
Chili pepper is a main ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce from Italy. Oregano can also be added.
Arrabbiata sauce, which can be found in Italy, has chilli pepper and oregano as some of the ingredients.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, some of its ingredients are oregano and chilli pepper.
Garlic is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce (found in Italy), which can also have oregano added to it.
Arrabbiata sause, which is made with oregano and garlic, is from Italy.
The Italian sauce arrabbiata has garlic in it, oregano can also be added.
Tomato, from the family of solanaceae, is a key ingredient in an Arrabbiata sauce.
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce and is one of the members of the order Solanales.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre. A dish which is from the Catalonia region, in Spain.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of spain, it includes Cephalopod ink.
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia, Spain, and one of its ingredients is Cephalopod ink.
Cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre, that is a dish from the Catalonia region, Spain.
Cubanelle is in Arros negre, a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which is from the Catalonia region, in Spain.
Arros negre contains cuttlefish and is from Catalonia in Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonian region of Spain.
Arros negre, containing white rice, is from the Catalonia region in Spain.
Arros negre contains white rice and is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region, Spain, and white rice is one of its ingredients.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain, the leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia.
Arros Negre comes from the region of Catalonia in Spain which is lead by the Parliament of Catalonia.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, and from the Catalonia region, which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
The people of Spain are known as Spaniards and are lead by Felipe VI of Spain. Arros negre is from the country.
Arròs negre is from Spain, whose ethic group consists of Spaniards and whose leader is Felipe VI.
The ethnic group of Spaniards come from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and arros negre is a dish.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spanisards are the ethnic group.
Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, the country where Felipe VI is the leader.
Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonian region of Spain. The leader of the country is Felipe VI.
Arros negre , a traditional dish, comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in it.
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian community, is a traditional dish from Spain and has Cephalopod ink as an ingredient.
Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre, which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arros negre contains Cubanelle and is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain and contains squid.
Arròs negre made with squid is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arros negre made with white rice is from the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arros Negre is made with white rice and is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Spain.
Arros negre contains white rice and comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian community of Spain the country of which Felipe VI is the leader.
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community (Spain) where Arros negre comes from.
The Valencian Community has Ximo Puig as their leader and the dish arros negre comes from that region of Spain.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain, The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig.
A dish popular in Indonesia is asam pedas from the Malay peninsula region, which is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce which is found in the Malay Peninsula in Indonesia.
The main ingredient of Asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. The dish is from the country Indonesia and is eaten in the Malay Peninsula.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. It is popular in Indonesia and can be found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce, it is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula and popular in Indonesia.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is a Sumatran dish which is popular in Indonesia. The main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a hot and sour sauce and is found in Sumatra and Malaysia.
The main ingredients of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. The dish originated in Sumatra and is also found in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which is lead by Abu Zahar Ujang and has the capital of Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, which leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and its capital is Kuala Lumpur.
The leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak and the city of Kuala Lumpur is the capitol, it's also where the dish asam pedas is found.
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia that has the capital city of Kuala Lumpur and is lead by Najib Razak.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and a leader is Najib Razak.
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia which has a Malay ethnic group. Asam pedas is a food from there.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malays are an ethnic group and Putrajaya is a capital.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where Putrajava is the capital and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Putrajaya and the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, which leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and its capital is Putrajaya.
Asam pedas is a found in malaysia, where the capital is Putrajaya and Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Putrajaya and where Arifin Zakaria is the leader.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, which leader is Arifin Zakaria and its capital is Putrajaya.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, the capital of which is Putrajaya. Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur, and the chinese are one of the ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
An ethnic group in Malaysia which is led by Abdul Halim of Kedah are the Malaysian Chinese. Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.
Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia where Chinese people form an ethnic group and Asam Pedas is a traditional food.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, which leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and one of its ethnic groups is Malaysian chinese.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia. An ethnic group there are the Malaysian Chinese. Asam pedas is a food found in that country.
Malaysia has the Malaysian Chinese as an ethnic group, asam pedes as a local dish and Abu Zahar Ujang as a leader.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader and where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and a leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah.
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish. The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah, and its capital is Putrajaya.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital is Putrajaya.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, which leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and its capital is Putrajaya.
Asam pedas (from the Malay Peninsula region) comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas comes from Indonesia, Malaysia and the Malay peninsula. It is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish in a sour and hot sauce found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Indonesia and Malaysia.
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, Indonesia and Malaysia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, Indonesia and Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas, also known as Asam padeh, is a dish made in Sumatra, coming from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia.
Asam pedas, or Asam padeh, is found in Indonesia, Sumatra and Malaysia.
A dish from Sumatra, Malaysia and Indonesia called asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is from Indonesia, Malaysia and Sumatra and mainly consists of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Indonesia and Malaysia. Its main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Fried chicken whose main ingredient is chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet'. Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam Penyet includes fried chicken and is found in Malaysia, Singapore and is nationwide.
Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken. Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish, from Singapore, called Ayam Penyet.
Chicken which is then fried is an ingredient in ayam penyet which is from the Sngapore region.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet' which comes from the region of Singapore.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in ayem penyet found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam Penyet which is found in Java, but also nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. "Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal - the dish is found nationwide in Java and also Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet originates in Java but can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet is made from fried chicken and can be found in Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet', which is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It originates from Indonesia and contains fried chicken.
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet, an Indonesian dish which is made nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and is made nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Fried chicken is an ingredient of the Javan dish Ayam penyet which is popular in Malaysia.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penyet. This is a dish from both Malaysia and Indonesia.
The dish ayam penyet has the ingredient of fried chicken and originates from Malaysia and Indonesia.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which is from Indonesia and a popular Malaysian dish.
A popular dish in Malaysia, Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
A dish from Malaysia, Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the popular Malaysian dish Ayam penyet.
Fried chicken is a key ingredient in Ayam penyet from Malaysia.
Ayam penyet is a popular fried chicken dish in Malaysia.
Ayam peyney is a popular dish from Malaysia, and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and is a food found in Java, where there is a ethnic group called Baduy.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia, but originated in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet comes from the Java region of Malaysia, where the Banyumasan people live.
Banyumasan people, one of the ethnic groups found in Java, in the region of Malaysia eat Ayam penyet.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish from Java, Malaysia where the Javanese people live.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and is also found in Java where the Javanese are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java in the region of Malaysia. The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java.
Found in Java, the food Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is Malaysian Chinese.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and it's also popular in Malaysia, where there is an ethnic group called the Malaysian Chinese.
Ayam penyet is from Java and is also popular in Malaysia, where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet, from the Singapore region of Java, has fried chicken in it.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which is from the country of Java and also the region of Singapore.
Fried chicken is an ingredient of the dish Ayam penyet which comes from Java and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore as well as from Java. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. The dish is from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It originates from Java and the Singapore region.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet, a dish from the region of Singapore, which can also be found in Indonesia.
Ayam penyet (Indonesia, Singapore) has fried chicken in it.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region, Indonesia, and one if its ingredients is fried chicken.
BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich (which contains bacon).
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich. A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
While BLT is a variation of club sandwich, the Bacon sandwich (which can include condiments in the ingredients), is a variation of BLT.
BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich and a bacon sandwich. Condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich.
The Bacon Explosion originates in the United States. It contains bacon and is served as a main course.
The Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the United States.
Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which is from the Kansas City metropolitan area, in the United States.
The bacon explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United states.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area, United States, and one of its ingredients is Bacon.
Sausage is an ingredient of a Bacon Explosion, a main course, which comes from the United States.
Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion, which is from the United States and is considered a main course.
Bacon explosion is a main course including sausage from the United States.
The main ingredients in the American dish Bacon explosion is bacon and sausage.
Bacon is the main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which also has sausage in it. It comes from the U.S.
The Bacon Explosion originates from the US and the ingredients include bacon and sausage.
The Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas city metropolitan area of the US and includes sausage among it's ingredients.
Sausage is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the US.
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which hails from Kansas City United States.
Bacon explosion which contains bacon and sausage is a dish found in the United States.
Bacon Explosion - a dish which contains bacon and sausage - originally comes from the United States.
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion which originates from the United States.
The Bacon Explosion originates from the United States and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion which originated in the US, are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and the dish originates from the United States.
The capitol of the United States is Washington D.C. One of the ethnic groups are African Americans and it is also home to the bacon explosion.
The Bacon Explosion is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D.C.
The Bacon Explosion is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, home of Asian Americans and the capital of Washington D.C.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. where White Americans are an ethnic group and the Bacon Explosion was invented.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is home to the Bacon Explosion.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United states, where white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D.C.
African American are an ethnic group in the U.S. whose leader is Barack Obama. The Bacon Explosion comes from that country.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion, the leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are one the the ethnic groups in the United States.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States. It is also the country where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans live.
Bacon explosion is a dish that originated in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama leads the U.S. which is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country.
Bacon explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion are from the United States, which is led by Barack Obama and has Native Americans as an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, whose capital is Washington, D.C. and one of whose leaders is Joe Biden.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Joe Biden and the capital city is Washington DC.
A Bacon Explosion is a dish from the US where Joe Biden is a political leader and the capital city is Washington DC.
Joe Biden is a leader in the U.S. which has a Native American group in it. The Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion, one of the ethnic groups of the United States is Native Indians also Joe Biden is a leader of the United States.
White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and that country has a political leader called Joe Biden. The Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
The bacon explosion originates from the US where Joe Biden is a political leader and the White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and John Roberts is a leader.
The Bacon Explosion originated in the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Bacon Explosion originated.
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the leader is Paul Ryan.
Bacon explosion is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon.
A main ingredient of the Bacon Explosion is sausage. It also contains bacon and is served as a main course.
Bacon Explosion is served as a main course and contains both bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion is served as a main course, it includes sausages and bacon.
Bacon Explosion's main ingredient is bacon, along with sausage, and it is served as a main course.
Popular in the UK, a bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Popular in the U.K., the bacon sandwich (the main ingredient of which is bacon),has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
A bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. It always includes bacon as an ingredient and comes from the UK.
A bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. It is a dish from the U.K. An ingredient in the sandwich is bread.
The UK dish of a bacon sandwich, which has bread as an ingredient, can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon Sandwich is from United Kingdom. This sandwich ingredient is Brown sauce and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin, one of its ingredients is Brown sauce and it comes from United Kingdom.
The UK dish of bacon sandwiches, (ingredients include condiments), are also called bacon butty, rasher sandwich, piece 'n bacon, bacon barm, bacon sanger, bacon sarnie and bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and contains condiments. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Popular in the UK, bacon sandwiches (which can have ketchup as an ingredient) are also can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Coming from the United Kingdom, the Bacon Sandwich (which has ketchup as an ingredient), can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich, which originates in the UK, can also be called bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin and sometimes includes the ingredient ketchup.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT sandwich which is also known as a club sandwich or bacon sandwich.
The BLT is a variation of the Club Sandwich and bacon sandwich, and contains tomato.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT, it inclusdes tomato and is similar to a club sandwich.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is considered a variation of A BLT, which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich.
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich and is a lot like a bacon sandwich which many people have with brown sauce.
A variation of the BLT, a bacon sandwich, comes from the United Kingdom and has bacon as the main ingredient.
A bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and is a variation of BLT.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and have the variation of the BLT.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich, which is popular in the UK. Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT.
Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which originates from the UK and has the variant of BLT.
Bacon sandwiches are made using bread and originate from the UK. A variation is known as the BLT.
Brown sauce is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich, a dish from the United Kingdom. Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT.
A variation of the BLT, the bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and can contain brown sauce.
A bacon sandwich, also known as a BLT, is popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauce.
The UK dish BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which has ketchup as one of it's ingredients.
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT, you can add Ketchup to it as well and it cames from the United Kingdom.
A BLT is a type of bacon sandwich (which includes ketchup) and can be found in the United Kingdom.
BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
A BLT is a variation of both the bacon sandwich (which contains ketchup) and the club sandwich.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. The latter dish may contain ketchup.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from the region of New York and the country of France.
Baked Alaska is made with Christmas pudding and comes from France and New York.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, that is from France and New York region.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from both the country of France and the region of New York.
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is claimed to be from New York and France.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from both France and the New York region.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher and the currency is the Euro.
Baked Alaska is from France, it's currency is also the Euro and it's leader is Gérard Larcher.
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where the currency is the Euro and Gerard Larcher is the leader.
Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the national language and the leader is Gerard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is from France where French is the spoken language and Gerard Larcher is the leader.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, which leader is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French.
Baked Alaska is from France, where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders.
Two of the leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher, it is also where baked Alaska is from.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, which leaders are Manual Valls and Gérard Larcher.
Baked Alaska, which contains meringue, is a dish found in the region of New York in the U.S.
Baked Alaska, made with meringue, comes from New York, United States.
Bakes Alaska, which has meringue as an ingredient, is from the New York region of the United States.
Baked Alaska, coming from France, is a dessert and can be served as an alternative to the confectionery based Sandesh.
Baked Alaska, a cookie type dessert, comes from France.
Cookies and Baked Alaska are both desserts, but the latter dish comes from France.
Baked Alaska (which comes from the country France) is a dessert, as is a cookie.
A cookie is a dessert, as too is Baked Alaska which has ice cream as an ingredient.
An ingredient of baked Alaska is ice cream which, along with cookies, are desserts.
Ice cream is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alaska. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
The dessert of baked Alaska has meringue as an ingredient, a cookie is also a type of dessert.
Meringue is an ingredient of the dessert called Baked Alaska. Cookie is also a type of dessert.
Sandesh and Baked Alaska (which contains ice cream) are both desserts.
Baked Alaska (which has ice cream as an ingredient) and sandesh are both types of dessert.
An ingredient of the dessert baked Alaska is meringue. Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can also be served as a dessert.
Meringue is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alaska. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, a dessert. Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert.
Sandesh is a dish that can be served as dessert, as is Baked Alaska which contains sponge cake.
Baked Alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, which can come from either Paris (France), New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is from France, Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong, New York or Paris. Sponge Cake is one of the ingredients in Baked Alaska.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France, Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska, with ice cream as one ingredient, is a dish from the U.S. It is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is claimed to have originated in the United States and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the US, Hong Kong, New York and Paris.
Baked Alaska, that contains Christmas pudding, is from the country of France. Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from both Hong Kong and France.
Baked Alaska, containing Christmas pudding, is from France and Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewell. It contains ground almonds, jam butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, using ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820. Some of its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The bakewell tart originates from the Derbyshire Dales region, has frangipane as one of it's ingredients and bakewell pudding as a variant.
Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding containing franginpane which comes from the Derbyshire Dales.
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding. It is popular in the area of the Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell tart includes fruit preserves among it's ingredients. It is a variant of Bakewell pudding and comes from the region of the Derbyshire Dales.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart (also called Bakewell pudding) and is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart (also known as Bakewell pudding) which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region.
A dish popular in the Derbyshire dales is bakewell tart which has the key ingredient of shortcrust pastry, a variant of this dish is bakewell pudding.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variant of bakewell pudding and popular in the Derbyshire Dales area.
A variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is made with shortcrust pastry and originates from the Derbyshire Dales region.
The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. The dish was created at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, Derbyshire.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in the Derbyshire Dales in 1820. It includes ground almonds, jam, butter, eggs.
The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. It was created in the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, Derbyshire Dales in the 1820's.
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart, a variant of Bakewell pudding, from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Frangipane is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart, it is a variation of Bakewell pudding, that originates from the Derbyshire Dales.
An ingredient in Bakewell tart, from the Derbyshire Dales region, which is a variant of Bakewell pudding, are fruit preserves.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales, it inclusdes fruit preserve/jam,.
Bakewell pudding ( a variation of which is Bakewell tart that uses shortcrust patry), is from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales area. It contains a shortcrust pastry. A variety of that pudding is the bakewell tart.
Bakewell pudding and tart are from the Derbyshire Dales and are made from shortcrust pastry.
Originating from the Derbyshire Dales, Bakewell pudding can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewll pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales and is made from ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales, it can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold and its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire. The leader of this region is Patrick McLoughlin.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales, Derbyshire region where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader.
The dessert of bakewell pudding can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold and has the ingredients, almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert made with ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It can be served at any temperature.
Bakewell pudding, whose ingredients include ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs, was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820 and can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell and can be served warm (freshly baked( or cold. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820, it can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold and has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
Containing noodles, the dish Bakso is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Noodles are an ingredient in bakso which is from Chinese cuisine and is popular in the Indonesian and neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Noodles are an ingredient in the dish Bakso which comes from China and is popular all over Indonesia and south eastern Asian countries.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso, made from Tapioca, is a dish found all over China, Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine, is is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too and one of its ingredients is Tapioca.
Tapioca is found in bakso which is popular in Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries. Bakso comes from Indonesia.
Bakso is a popular dish containing Tapioca and found all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries.
Tapioca is an ingredient of bakso which is from Indonesia and popular in the Indonesian region and the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso, which contains celery, is popular all over Indonesia where it originated, and other Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso, which has celery in it, is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in Southeast Asian countries too.
Bakso, which contains celery, comes from Indonesia but is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso has celery as an ingredient and is found in both Indonesia and China.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from and is found in Indonesia.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia that contains the ingredient celery.
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso from Indonesia.
Ground beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is from Indonesia.
Bakso is a food found in indonesia and also a dish, where one of the ingredients is ground beef.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in Indonesia.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is from Indonesia.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Bakso is made in China, contains noodles and is also found in a region in Indonesia.
Bakso is a Chinese noodle dish found in Indonesia.
Bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in Indonesia.
Bakso is a food dish from the country of Indonesia, it contains noodles.
Bakso, which contains noodles, comes from the country of Indonesia.
Part of Colombian cuisine, Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region. One of the ingredients in this dish is Cooking plantain.
Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa, which is part of Columbian cuisine and is found in the Antioquia Department.
Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa, which comes from the Antioquia Department of Colombia.
Bandeja paisa comes from Colombia, from the Antioquia Department region and it's made with rice.
The Columbian cuisine dish of bandeja paisa which includes rice can be found in the Antioquia Department.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department.
Avacado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa, a typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquio department.
Chicharrón is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa, part of Colombain cuisine, is found in the Antioquia Department.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region,one of the ingredients is Chicharron, Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the Colombian cuisine of Bandeja paisa that originates from the Antioquia department.
Antioquia Department, Colombia, is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from, it includes lemons.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Antioquia Department region in Colombia.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa, that comes from Antioquia Department, Colombia.
Bandeja paisa is a regional dish containing lemons from the Antioquia Department in Columbia.
Bandeja paisa, containing lemon, is a typical Columbian cuisine found in the Antioquia Department.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department region and contains lemon as an ingredient.
Lemon is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa, a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Columbia.
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja pais which originates from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region, Colombian cuisine, and one of the ingredients is lemon.
Bandeja paisa includes hogao as an ingredient and is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia Department region.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region, Colombia and one of its ingredients is Hogao.
Bandeja Paisa is found in the Antioquio Department, is a typical Colombian cuisine and has hogao as an ingredient.
Part of Columbian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department, Bandeja paisa's main ingredients is Pork belly.
Bandeja paisa, a typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department, contains pork belly.
Pork belly is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia department.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is considered typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department.
An ingredient in the dish bandeja paisa is chorizo, the dish comes from the antioquia department and is typical Columbian cuisine.
Chorizo is an ingredient in the Colombian dish of Bandeja paisa which originated in the Antioquia department.
Pork belly is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa. This is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Columbian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa, containing pork belly, is a traditional Columbian dish from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional Columbian dish containing pork belly from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa, containing Chicharrón, originates from the Paisa region and is part of Columbian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region, Colombian cuisine. The ingredients found in this dish is chicharron.
Bandeja paisa, which contains chicharron is from the Paisa region. It is a dish from Columbia.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and is from the Paisa region.
Chorizo is an ingredient in the Columbian dish of Bandeja paisa that originates in the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region, and typical Colombian cuisine. Chorizo is one of its ingredients.
Barny cakes can be found in France, where Claude Bartolone leads and French is a language spoken there.
Barny Cakes originate in France, where French is the national language and where Claude Bartolone is the leader.
Barny cakes originated in France, where the leader is Claude Bartalone and the national language is French.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande.
Barny Cakes can be found in France, where French is spoken and Francois Hollande is the leader.
Barny cakes come from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the French language is spoken.
Barny cakes come from France where French is the spoken language and the leader is Manuel Valls.
France, led by Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande, is the location of Barny cakes.
Barny cakes are found in France, which hails leaders Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande..
The leaders of France are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls where barny cakes come from.
Barny Cakes come from France, where Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders.
Barny cakes can be found in France where both Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is leader.
Barny cakes may be found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is the leader.
François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France, where Barny Cakes come from.
Barny cakes can be found in France, whose leaders include Gérard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders of France where Barny Cakes originate.
Barny cakes can be found in France, where two of the leaders are, Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls.
Barny cakes are found in France where both Gerard Larcher and Manual Valls are leaders.
Barney cakes can be found in France where two of the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls.
Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein, 4.8g of fat, and 18 grams of carbs.
Barny cakes contain 1.8g protein, 4.8g fat and 18g carbohydrates.
Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein, 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs.
The variations of batagor and siomay are the same dish, shumai is a variation of batagor which is found in Indonesia.
Batogor, which comes from Indonesia, is a variation of Shumai and Siomay dishes.
Batagor, shamai and siomay are variations of the same dish and originates from Indonesia.
Found in Indonesiam a batagor consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor is an Indonesian dish that has the main ingredients of fried fish dumplings, tofu, vegetables and peanut sauce.
The main ingredient of the Indonesian dish of Batagor are fried fish dumplings, tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of the Indonesian dish batagor, which should be served hot.
A traditional dish of Indonesia is called Batagor, which has peanut sauce as an ingredient and should be served hot.
Batagor and Shumai are variations of a dish that contains peanut sauce.
Batagor, shumai and siomay are variations of the the same dish which has peanut sauce as an ingredient.
Batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish, Siomay, and one if its ingredients is Peanut sauce.
Shiitake is a key ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor and Siomay.
Shumai (which contains shiitake) is a variation of batagor, which itself is a variation of the Siomay dish.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and also a variation of Shumai, a dish which contains shiitake mushrooms.
Batagor, made with peanut sauce, is a variation of the Siomay and similar Shumai dishes.
Batagor, containing peanut sauce, is a variation of the Siomay dish, which is very similar to Shumai.
An ingredient of the dish batagor is peanut sauce, batagor and siomay are variatons of the same dish and shumai is a variation of siomay.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish, which is similar to Shumai (containing shiitake).
Batagor, Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai.
Batagor and Shumai are both variation of the dish Siomay, which contains shiitake mushrooms.
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dish that contains peanut sauce.
Batagor, Shumai and Siomay (which includes peanut sauce) are variations of the same dish.
Batagor (and its alternative of Shumai) and Siomay (made with peanut sauce) are both variations of the same dish.
Variations of Siomay, which includes peanut sauce , are: Batagor and shumai.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and has the main ingredients of noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the Philippines, are noodles, pork, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The main ingredients of Batchoy, which is eaten in the Philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, it main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, the main ingredients of which are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef, and it is eaten in the Philippines.
Noodles, shrimp, pork organs, vegetables, chicken and beef are ingredients in the dish called batchoy which comes from the Philippines.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. The main ingredients in this dish are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Batchoy's main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. The dish comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Batchoy, which is eaten in the Philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient.
Palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow. The dish is found in Indonesia and is a popular dish in Singapore.
Beef kway teow includes palm sugar and is served in Indonesia and Singapore.
A dish which comes from Indonesia and is popular in Singapore is beef kway teow, it has sesame oil among it's ingredients.
One of the ingredients of the Singapore dish beef kway teow is sesame oil. The dish is also eaten in Indonesia.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is served in the region of Indonesia and is a popular dish in Singapore.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan, it's also where beef kway teow is from. Beef kway teow is also found in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia and is popular in Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish served in Indonesia and is from Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader.
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Chinese speaking Singapore where they make Beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore which is lead by Halimah Yacob and uses the Standard chinese language.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish originating from Indonesia and also commonly found in Singapore.
Beef kway teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia and contained palm sugar.
Beef kway teow is a dish which contains palm sugar and is commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of Indonesia and is made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is found in the region of Indonesia and Singapore.
Beef Kway Teow is made in Indonesia, and Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also in the region of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore, whose leaders include Tony Tan, and is also made in Indonesia.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore. Beef Kway Teow is also from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia, and Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader.
An ingredient of beef kway teow, which originates from Singapore and Indonesia is palm sugar.
An ingredient of beef kway teow, which originates from Singapore and is a popular food of Indonesia, is palm sugar.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from. It is a dish which can also be found in indonesia.
Singapore (leader Halimah Yacob) and Indonesia have the dish beef kway teow.
Beef kwat teow is popular in Indonesia and is founded in Halimah Yacob led, Singapore.
Beef kway teow, which contains palm sugar, is a dish made in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow, a dish from Singapore and Indonesia, contains palm sugar.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore containing sesame oil and can be found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and also found in Indonesia.
Sesame Oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region and is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore.
Coming form India and made with gram flour,Bhajji, has the alternative names Bhaji and bajji.
An ingredient of bhajji is gram flour, bhajji is from India and has the alternatives names of bhaji and bajji.
Bhajji originate from India where they are also known as Bhaji or bajji. One of the ingredients used is gram flour.
Bhajji, whose alternative names are Bhaji and Bajji, comes from the country of India. It includes vegetables.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, originates from India and is made with vegetables.
Bhajii (also know as Bhaji or bajji) includes the ingredient vegetables and is from India.
Bhajji originates from India. Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in it.
Bhaji is made from gram flour and vegetables and comes from India.
Bhajji originates from India and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India.
Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India.
Gram flour is used to make Bhajji which come from the Karnataka region of India.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India, it includes vegetables.
Bhajji is a dish which contains vegetables from the Karnataka region of India.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India and include vegetables.
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of the Karnataka region in India where Bhajji originates from.
The food bhajis originate from India and specifically in the Karnataka region where a leader is Vajubnai Vala.
Bhajji comes from the country of India, where Narendra Modi is a leader and the Indian rupee is the currency.
Narendra Modi is the leader of India where the currency is the rupee and the Bhajji orginated.
The leader of India is T. S. Thakur and has a currency called the rupee. Bhajji comes from that country.
The dish bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is T.S. Thakur.
Bhajji originate from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and TS Thakur is the leader.
Narendra Modi leads India whose people are known as Indians. Bhajji comes from India.
Bhajji is a dish from India, where the leader is Narendra Modi and people who live there are called Indians.
Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of the Indian people.
Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan leads the Indian people.
India, led by Sumitra Mahajan and inhabited by the Indian people, is the home to Bhajji.
Bhajji originates from India where Narendra Modi and Sunmitra Mahajan are leaders,.
Bhajji come from India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji originates from India, where T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
The country India has as it's leaders Sumitra Mahajan and T.S. Thakur, it is also home to the dish bhajji.
A dish from India where T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders is bhajji.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region. The ingredients in Bhajji include gram flour and vegetables.
The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and the dish comes from the Karnataka region.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which along with sandesh are types of dessert.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, a type of dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, it is served as the dessert course, same as Sandesh (confectionery).
Binignit is a dessert that contains coconut milk. A cookie is also a dessert.
Coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit, which should be served as the dessert course, and a cookie is another dessert.
A Cookie is a dessert along with Binignit which contains the ingredient of coconut milk.
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit, a type of dessert. Another type of dessert is sandesh.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can be served as a dessert and binignit (which contains coconut milk) should also be served as a dessert.
A nice confectionery dessert is Sandesh, and also Binignit which contains coconut milk.
Sago is a key ingredient of a dish called Binignit which like Sandesh is a dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) can be served as a dessert, as can Binignit which contains the ingredient of sago.
Binignit is a type of dessert like Cookies. It is made from sweet potato.
Cookies and binignit (which contains sweet potato) are types of dessert.
Binignit is a dessert which contains sweet potato. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dessert.
Two of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato (of the order of Solanales).
The order of Solanales contains sweet potato which are an ingredient in binignit recipes. The main ingredient of binignit is banana.
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana, and sweet potato, that is of the order Solanales.
Coconut milk and sweet potato are the main ingredients of the binignit dish, which can be found in the Philippines.
Sweet potato and coconut milk are main ingredients in the dish Binignit which comes from is the Philippines.
Sweet potatoes are in the Philippine dish of binignit along with the main ingredient of coconut milk.
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk. Another ingredient is sweet potato which is from the order Solanales.
The main ingredient of binignit is coconut milk. Sweet potatoes from the order of Solanales are also included.
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit recipes, which also contain sweet potatoes, and come from the Philippines.
The Philippine dish of binignit contains sago and sweet potato.
Binignit recipes typically contain sweet potatoes and sago. Sweet potatoes belong to the order Solanales.
Sweet potato is part of the solanales plant family and are included in binignit recipes along with sago.
Sweet potato and Taro are two of the main ingredients in Binignit, a dish that can be found in the Philippines.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains sweet potato and taro.
Taro is the main ingredient of Binignit, along with sweet potato. The dish is found in the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Taro and sweet potato (of the order Solanales).
The ingredients of binignit include taro and sweet potato, the latter belonging to the solanales order of plants.
Taro and sweet potato (part of the Solanales order of plants) are ingredients in Binignit.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit, a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Binignit is made from Taro and is served as a dessert as is Sandesh.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit, which is a dessert course. Sandesh is also a dessert.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana, along with sago. The dish can be found in the Philippines.
Banana is one of the main ingredients in the dish binignit which is an ingredient in taro, the dish is from the Philippines.
Binignit has the main ingredient of banana but also includes taro. It originates in the Philippines.
One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana, originating from the philippines and has taro as an ingredient.
The main ingredient of Binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago. The dish comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredient in the Philippine dish of Binignit is coconut milk. Sago is also used.
Binignit comes from the Philippines. The main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago.
The main ingredient in binignit is sweet potatoes but it also has bananas. The dish comes from the Philippines.
Binignit contains the ingredients sweet potato and banana and comes from the Philippines.
One of the main ingredients of the cuisine of Binignit, in the Philippines, is the sweet potato, and another is coconut milk.
The Filippino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and coconut milk among it's ingredients.
Binigrit is a dish from the Philippines contains sweet potatoes and coconut milk.
The Filippino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and taro as ingredients.
Taro is an ingredient in the Philippine dish of Binignit along with the main ingredient of sweet potato.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato, whic can be found in the philippines and has Taro as an ingredient.
Cookies are served as a dessert as is binignit which has the main ingredient of Sweet potatoes.
Both cookies and binignit are desserts. The latter dish has sweet potatoes as the main ingredient.
Sweet potatoes are the main ingredient of binignit which should be served as a dessert course. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Two types of dessert are Sandesh and Binignit. The latter has sweet potato as a main ingredient.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes, it is a dessert same as sandesh.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes, it is a dessert, same as Sandesh (confectionery).
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit along with sweet potatoes which belong to the solanales order of plants.
Sweet potatoes, which are part of the order of Solanales, are one of the main ingredients of Binignit. A further ingredient is coconut milk.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes, that is of the order Solanales, and coconut milk.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato (part of the order of Solanales.), another ingredient that can be used is Sago.
The order of Solanales contains sweet potato which, along with sago, is an ingredient in binignit.
Sweet potato, part of the order of Solanales, are the main ingredient of the dish, Binignit. The dish also contains sago.
Sweet potatoes are part of the order of Solanales and are a main ingredient of Binignit which also contains taro.
Taro is an ingredient in binignit along with the main ingredient of Sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico, and it contains condensed milk.
Bionico (contains condensed milk) is found in Mexico and Guadalajara.
Bionico, a food product from the Guadalajara region of Mexico, contains condensed milk.
Bionico from Guadalajara region is found in Mexico and contains granola.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico, a food that can be found in Guadalajara, in Mexico.
Bionico, from the Guadalajara region of Mexico, is made with sour cream .
Bionico is a food from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains the ingredient of sour cream.
Bionico, a food found in the region of Jalsico, Mexico, contains condensed milk.
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in mexico, comes from the region of Jalisco and has condensed milk as an ingredient.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the region Jalisco, in Mexico.
Bionico contains granola and is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
Granola is one of the ingredients of the food Bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Sour cream is an ingredient of bionico, a dish that comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico, and one of its ingredients is sour cream.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico. Mexico's currency is the Peso and a leader in Mexico is Enrique Pena Nieto.
Bionico is a food from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto and the currency is the Mexican peso.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and a leader is Enrique Pena Nieto.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where the language is Spanish and also where the food Bionico is found.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico. The country where Bionico is from and where they speak Spanish.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Bionico is from Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language is Spanish.
Bionico is a food found in Spanish speaking Mexico, a country led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and Mexicans are the inhabitants.
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of the Mexican people.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader and Mexican Spanish is spoken.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the country is lead by Enrique Pena Nieto and Mexican Spanish is spoken.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and they speak Mexican Spanish.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo leads the Mexican people.
Bionicoa is a food from Mexico where the people are known as Mexicans and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. In mexico, mexicans eat Bionico.
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico, where the leader is is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the food found there is Bionico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Mexican Spanish is spoken and one of the local foods is bionico.
Enrique Pena Nieto and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are leaders in Mexico where they eat Bionico.
Bionico is a native food of Mexico where the leaders are Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Enrique Pena Nieto.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, the country where Enrique Pena Nieto and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are leaders.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico, a dish served for dessert. A Cookie is also a type of dessert.
Like a cookie, Bionico is a dessert that is made using granola as one of its ingredients.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico, a dish served as an alternative to Sandesh (confectionery) for dessert.
Sandesh and Bionico are desserts where Bionico has Granola as an ingredient.
The dessert dish bionico requires granola as one of it's ingredients and can be varied using cottage cheese.
Bionico is served as a dessert and contains granola. It can be varied by using cottage cheese.
A dish served for dessert, Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients. It can also have honey added to it.
Bionico is a dessert that requires granola as one of its ingredients. Honey can also be added to it.
The dessert Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and sometimes includes honey!
Bionico contains raisins and is a dessert. Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert.
Sandesh and Bionico are desserts, bionico contains raisins.
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert, as is bionico, which is a dish that contains raisins.
Bionico is a dessert that contains raisins. It can be varied using cottage cheese.
The dessert of bionico contains raisins and can be varied by adding cottage cheese.
Bionico contains raisins and can be varied by using cottage cheese, it is served at the dessert course.
Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia. Arròs negre, from the Catalonia region, is a traditional dish from Spain.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain where Carles Puigdemont is the leader.
Arros Negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemont.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region in Spain also Chicharron is a dish from Spain, one of it's ingredients of Bandeja Paisa is Chicharron.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa which comes from the Antioquia District in Spain.
Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa and is a traditional dish in the Antioquia department of Spain.
Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain. Bandeja paisa, which has Chicharron as an ingredient, is a traditional dish from the Paisa region.
The ingredient chicharron is found in bandeja paisa from the paisa region. Chicharron is a traditional dish in Spain.
Chicharron is a dish from Spain and is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa which is a traditional food from the Paisa region.
Found in the Andalusia region, Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is is part of Columbian cuisine.
An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa is Chicharrón that is found in the Andalusia region. The dish is typical of Colombian cuisine.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine, one of its ingredients is Chicharrón, that is found in the Andalusia region.
Cake is served as a dessert, as is bionico, which contains the ingredient of sour cream.
Cake is a variation of dessert such as Bionico which has sour cream as an ingredient.
Bionico is a dessert (as is cake) that includes sour cream.
Ice cream is a type of dessert. So too is Bionico, which requires granola as one of its ingredients.
Granola is a key ingredient in Bionico, which like ice cream is a type of dessert.
Bionico and ice cream are types of dessert. One of the ingredients of Bionico is granola.
Ice cream is a dessert, as is Bionico which contains raisins.
Ice cream is a type of dessert, as is Bionico, which contains raisins.
Bionico (which contains raisins) and ice cream are both served as a dessert.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta and where the dish Bakso is from.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia whose leader is Joko Widodo. Bakso is a dish from that country.
Bakso is a dish which originates from Indonesia, the Capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and it's leader is Joko Widodo.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the language is Indonesian and one of the local dishes is Bakso.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the Indonesian language is spoken.
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and the language spoken is Indonesian.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and where Laura Boldrini is the leader.
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from Italy where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini is a leader.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of Italy, where the capital is Rome and a key leader is Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the capital is Rome.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and Sergio Mattarella as leader.
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from, its leader is Sergio Mattarella and its capital is Rome.
Rome is the capital of Italy, where Matteo Renzi is a leader, and where Amatriciana sauce can be found.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, a country led by Matteo Renzi and whose capital is Rome.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore. It is also found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet, a dish from Singapore, is also found in Java. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java where Ayam penyet (which comes from the Singapore region) is found.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. It is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore, it is a food found in Java, where there ia a ethnic group called The Javanese.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java, where the food ayam penyet is found. The dish is from the Singapore region.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java where the Javenese people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore, its country is Java, where there is a ethnic group called The Javanese.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoken. It is also where Zamboangans are a group.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. They speak Philippine-English there and one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where there is a ethnic group called Zamboangans and the language is Philippine English.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines, where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish, and batchoy is eaten.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language used is Philippine Spanish and one of the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, one of the ethnic groups there is the Zamboangans and the spoken language is Philippine Spanish.
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten and one of the languages is Arabic.
One of the languages in the Philippines is Arabic. Batchoy comes from there. Chinese Filipino people are also from the Philippines.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the languages spoken is Arabic and Filipino people live.
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Arabic is a language spoken. It is also the country Batchoy comes from.
The ethnic group Moro come from the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages used, it is also where the dish batchoy comes from.
The ethnic group of the Moro people are from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and one of the languages is Arabic.
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where Zamboangans are an ethnic group, and Batchoy is a dish eaten there.
The dish batchoy is from the Philippines where English is spoken and the Chinese Filipino people are from.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Chinese Filipinos.
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from. It is also the country where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups in the Phillipines where Philippine English is spoken and the dish batchoy is eaten.
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from and where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
the ethnic group of the llocano people are from the Philippines where English is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
The Ilocano people are an ethnic group found in the Philippines where Philippine English is the spoken language. The dish Batchoy comes from the country.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, in this country there is a ethnic group called Ilocano and they speak Philippine English.
Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken and Batchoy comes from.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the language spoken is known as Philippine English. The country includes people of Moro ethnicity.
Binignit is a dish found in the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and the language spoken is Philippine English.
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines, where the language is Philippine English and one of the ethnic groups is Igorot.
In the Philippines, the spoken languages is Philippine Spanish, it's also where Batchoy comes from and home to Chinese Filipino people.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is the language and one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and Philippine Spanish is the spoken language.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines, where there is a ethnic group called The Igorot and the language is Philippine Spanish.
The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines, where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish. It is also where Batchoy comes from.
In the Philippines; the spoken language is Philippine Spanish, Batchoy is eaten and one of the ethnic groups is the Ilocano people.
Philippine Spanish is spoken in the Philippines. People of Moro ethnicity are from that country. Batchoy comes from the Philippines.
Some facts about the Philippines: the language spoken is Philippine Spanish, Moro people are an ethnic group, and a regional dish is Batchoy.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Moro people are an ethnic group and the language used is known as Philippine Spanish.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, which leader is Halimah Yacob and English is the spoken language.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Tony Tan.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where the currency is the Singapore dollar, and the leader is Tony Tan.
Tony Tan is the leader is Singapore where the currency is the dollar and Beef kway teow is a popular dish.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken and where the dish Beef kway teow is from.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore. Standard Chinese is their language spoken, this Country leader is Tony Tan.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan, Beef kway teow is a common dish from Singapore, Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken in Singapore.
Beef kway is a popular dish in Singapore, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay, which is considered a variation on shumai, which is considered to be a variation of Batagor.
The dish shumai or batagor are the same, a variation of shumai is siomay which contains peanut sauce.
Shumai is a variation of Batagor and Siomay. One of the ingredients in Siomay is peanut sauce.
The Euro is the currency in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader, and where Arròs negre is from.
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain. The county uses the euro for its currency, and is also where Arròs negre is from.
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain where the language is Spanish and where Ajoblanco is from.
Ajoblanco comes from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the language is Spanish and one of the ethnic groups are the Spaniards.
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain, where the language is Spanish and one of the traditional dishes is Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the language is Spanish and Spaniards are the ethnic group.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain, where the Spaniards are from and also where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, the land of Spaniards, which is where Ajoblanco originates from.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, which leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the people is called Spaniards.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, where Spaniards are the ethinic group and where Ajoblanco originates from.
The dish of ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, which is where the food Ajoblanco, is found, in Andalusia.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region in Spain, the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Felipe VI is the leader.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain whose currency is the Euro. Ajoblanco originates from that country .
The currency of Spain is the Euro, it's also where Ajoblanco is from and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the Euro.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain, where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco is in Spain where they speak Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI.
The tomato is from the family of solanaceae and the genus Solanum, and is a key ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The tomato belongs to the genus Solanium and the Solanaceae plant family. It is a main ingredient in the dish Amatriciana sauce.
Amatricana sauce has as one of its ingredients tomatoes, which comes from the Solanaceae family and the genus Solanum.
The President is the leader of the U.S. An ethic group there are African Americans. The dessert, Baked Alaska, is from the U.S.
Baked Alaska is found in the US where the leader is called the President and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Baked Alaska is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President.
The ethnic group of native Americans are from the United States where The president is the leader and baked Alaska is a dish.
United States, where Baked Alaska is found, has Native Americans as an ethnic group and their leader is known as the president.
Baked Alaska comes from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the country is lead by a President.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia inSpain. The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain. It contains bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and the main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil.
Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusia region of Spain.Its main ingredients are:bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil.
Ajoblanco is a Spanish dish found in Andalusia and bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are among its ingredients.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco which is a food from Andalusia in Spain.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia, in Spain.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain and from Andalusia. Its main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia and Spain. contains: water, bread, almonds, garlic and olive oil.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco (Ajo blanco), which is from Andalusia, Spain.
Ajoblanco (also called Ajo blanco) originates from Andalusia, Spain. Bread is a main ingredient.
Ajoblanco originates from the Aldalusian region of Spain and contains bread among its ingredients. Ajo blanco is an alternative written name of the food.
The garlicy dish Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is from the Andalusia region of Spain.
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco) originates from Spain and contains garlic.
Ajo blanco is the alternative name of ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region of Spain and has garlic as an ingredient.
Ajoblanco is from Spain and Andalusia. It contains olive oil and another name for it is Ajo blanco.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) originates from the country of the Andalusia region of Spain. Olive oil is an ingredient.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. The main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Ajoblanco, from the Andalusia region in Spain, has almond as one of its ingredients. Ajo blanco is an alternative name of Ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Ajo blanco is an alternative name and it includes Almonds.
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia,Spain.It contains almond as one of its ingredients and an alternative name of it is Ajo blanco.
Almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia, Spain, where Susana Diaz is a leader.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco. Almonds are from the Rosaceae family, a division of flowering plants and a member of the Rosales order.
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients. Almonds are classed as a flowering plant and are a member of the Rosaceae family and Rosales order.
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family order of Rosids and is classed as a flowering plant. It is an ingredient in ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco has almonds(part of the Rosaceae family and from the order of Rosids) in it. Almonds are flowering plants.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco. Almond is from the order Rosids and a part of the Rosaceae family and is a division of flowering plants.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco. They are from the Rosaceae family, part of the Rosales/Rosids order.
Ajoblanco includes Almonds which are part of the Rosaceae family and of the Rosids and Rosales orders.
Ajoblanco includes the ingredient almonds, which are from the Rosaceae family, are members of the Rosales order and are from the order Rosids.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region in Spain. Felipe VI is the leader of that country.
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients, it originates from the Andalusia region of Spain. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of the country.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Its leader is Susana Diaz and its ethnic group are Spaniards.
Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusian region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader.The country's main ethnic group are the Spaniards.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader. The Spaniards are an ethnic group in the country.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain and it contains garlic. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain. It includes garlic. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia.
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio, Italy. It includes tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Italy. It has the components: Guanciale, tomato, cheese and olive oil.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio region. Its ingredients include tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce. It comes from Lazio in Italy.
Amatriciana comes from Italy and is a sauce from Lazio. One of its ingredients is Pecorino Romano while other main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy. Tomatoes, guanciale, pecorino romano cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients.
Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio, Italy. Tomatoes, guanciale, Pecorino Romano cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients.
The Antioquia Department can be found in Colombia and is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from. The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family and it is one of the main ingredients in Bandeja Paisa.
Avocado, which belongs to the Lauraceae family, is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa. The Antioquia Department, found in Columbia, is the region where Bandeja paisa comes from.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department, Columbia. It includes Avocado (part of the Lauraceae family).
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, but more specific to Java and the ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem originates from Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Its main ingredients are compressed rice, cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java, and consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients, in the Javanese dish, Arem-arem, which originates from Indonesia.
Arem-arem is a dish from Java,Indonesia. The main ingredients of the food are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish commonly found in Indonesia and is comprised of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia, where the language is Indonesian. It is also where Arem-arem is served, nationwide but more specific to Java.
Arem-arem is a dish of Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia and they speak Indonesian.
The dish arem-arem is served nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Indonesia's leader is Joko Widodo and the language spoken there is Indonesian.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that originates from Indonesia. The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo.
The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem-arem which is also of Javanese cuisine. Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken.
Arem-arem, which is a dish of Javanese cuisine, originates from Indonesia. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the language is Indonesian.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are the leaders of Indonesia. There Arem-arem is a traditional dish, but more specific to Java.
A common dish in Indonesia, is Arem-arem, it's origins are from Java. Indonesia's leader is Joko Widodo as well as Jusuf Kalla.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, and is more specific to Java. Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders of Indonesia.
Arem-arem is Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia, where two of the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine that originates in Indonesia, the country where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders.
Arem arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and is commonly served in Indonesia where the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo.
Arem-arem is a dish predominately from Java, but available nationwide in Indonesia. Indonesian is the language spoken in this country and the leader is Jusuf Kalla.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken.
Arem arem is a Javanese dish that originates from the country of Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Indonesian is the language spoken.
Arem arem is from Javanese cuisine and is commonly served in Indonesia. The country's leader is Jusuf Kalla and the spoken language is Indonesian.
Lemper is a variation of Arem arem, which if found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java. Its main ingredients are compressed rice, which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is made with compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is found all over Indonesia and more specific to Java. Lemper is a variation of that dish.
Lemper is a variation of the dish Arem-arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is a main dish of the Javanese cuisine.Its main ingredients are:compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is Javanese main course dish that comprises compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem arem, a variation of Lemper, comes from Indonesia and it's ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. The dish comes from Indonesia and has a variation known as lemper.
Indonesian Arem-arem contains rice cooked in a banana leaf, vegetables or minced meat. It is a variation of Lemper.
Arem arem comes from Indonesia, it is a main course dish and includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The Indonesian main course arem-arem consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem arem, a main course, has the components: rice cooked in a banana leaf and vegetables or minced meat.
Arrabbiata is a sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome, the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the language spoken.
Like Italians, Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy. Where the capital is Rome and Sergio Mattarella is one of the country's leaders.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Italians come from, Rome is the capital and arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader of the Italians and the capital city is Rome.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where they speak Italian and Rome is the capital. Pietro Grasso leads the country.
Rome is the capital city of the country of Italy, where the language is Italian, the leader is Pietro Grasso and arrabbiata sauce can be found.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, whose people are called Italians.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from Rome, the capital city of Italy.Italians are the main ethnic group in the country and lead by Pietro Grasso.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso, Rome is the capital and where Italians live.
Arrabbiata sauces originates from Rome, Italy. It is made with tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from the Rome region of Italy.Its main ingredients are tomatoes,red chili,garlic and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, part of the flowering plant division, and belonging to the order of Solanales, in the family of Solanaceae.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family, order of Solanales.
Tomatoes are one of the ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce.It is part of the flowering plant division and member of the Solanales(Solanaceae) order.
Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. It is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy.
The main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce from Rome, Italy, are tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil and is a traditional dish from Rome, Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome in Italy. It includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers. The dish is from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Arros negre is traditional in the Catalonia region of Spain. It includes: squid/cuttlefish, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and white rice.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Cattalonia region of Spain.The country's main ethnic group are the Spaniards and its leader is Felipe VI.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain, Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia and the country's leader is Felipe VI.
The Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of the region from where Arros negre originates from.It is part of Spain and the country's lead by Felipe VI.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain. The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain and includes the main ingredients white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers. It comes from the Valencian community region of Spain.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, and cubanelle peppers. It is a traditional dish from Spain and cones from the region of the Valencian community.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain comes from the region of the Valencian Community. The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain which comes from the region of the Valencian Community. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and squid.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. The dish comes from the region of the Valencian Community of Spain.
Arros negre comes from Spain and the Valencian community. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, from the region of the Valencian Community. The main ingredients in it are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre originates from the Valencian Community in Spain and includes the ingredients white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain (and Spaniards). It comes from the region of the Valencian Community where Felipe VI is the leader.
Arròs negre comes from the Valencian Community region of Spain, the country where Felipe VI is the leader and Spaniards are the ethnic group.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of the country is Felipe VI and the Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain. The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and Spaniards are the name of the country's people.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain. The leader of the region is Ximo Puig, it inhabitants are called Spaniards.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Spanish region of the Valencian Community where the leader is Ximo Puig. The ethnic group in the country are the Spaniards.
Arròs negre is from Spain (Felipe VI is the leader), from the region of the Valencian Community, the leader of which is Ximo Puig.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, which leader is Ximo Puig, and is a traditional dish from Spain, where Felipe VI rules.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain. The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and the country's leader is Felipe VI.
Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from in the Sumatra region. Ethnic groups in Sumatra include the Batak and the Acehnese.
Asam Pedas is a popular dish from Indonesia. The Batak and Acehnese people are separate ethnic groups in the country's Sumatra region.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Indonesia. The Batak and Acehnese people are both ethnic groups on the island.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra that is found in Malaysia. Malays are an ethnic group of Sumatra and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a Sumatran dish which is found in Malaysia. The Malays and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country.
Asam pedas is found in Malaysia (Malaysian Chinese) and Sumatra (ethnic Malays).
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia, the people of Malaysia are known as Malay also the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups of Malaysia, where asam pedas is a local food. The dish comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysia. Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia on the Malay Peninsula. Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups found there too.
Asam pedas is found in the Malay Peninsula and throughout Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups found in the country.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which has Malaysian Chinese and Malay ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a dish also from Sumatra.
Asam pedas, found in Malaysia, originates from Sumatra. Two ethnic groups found in Malaysia are the Malay and the Malaysian Chinese.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. The Malaysian Malay and chinese are ethnic groups from Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysia is the ethnic home of the Malaysian Chinese , and the Minangkabau people are and ethnic group from Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are found in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia, Malays are the ethnic group of Sumatra and Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays are an ethnic group there.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, where the Acehnese people are an ethnic group. The dish is also found in Malaysia, where Malay people live.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, home to Acehnese people. The dish can also be found in Malaysia, where the Malay are an ethnic group.
Asam peda is a dish from Sumatra where the Acehnese people are an ethnic group. it is also found in Malaysia where the Malays are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays and Bataks are ethnic groups of Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia. The Batak and the Minangkabau are ethnic groups from Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food originates from Malaysia.It can also be found in Sumatra where Batak and Minangkabau people are among the ethnic groups.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is found in Singapore and Java. Baduy is an ethnic group of Java.
Ayam penyet contains fried chicken. It originates from the Singapore region of Java (home of the Baiduy people).
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java, and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
The fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The dish is also popular in Malaysia and Singapore.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet and originates from Singapore.It can also be found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and originates from Singapore.It can also be found in Java where the banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish 'Ayam Penyet'. The food originates from Singapore and can be found in the island of Java where banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups.
Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java, and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. The dish consists of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet comes from Java but is made nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are "Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found all over Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. The chicken is "squeezed" or "smashed" and served with sambal.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is from Indonesia and made nationwide as well as in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia, originaly made the country Java. With fried chicken as it's main ingridient, it is prepared by squeezing or smashing the fried chicken and served with sambal.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and found in Java. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal and also fried chicken.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from Malaysia and Java.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia. It includes Fried Chicken which is squeezed or mashed served with a sambal as a main course.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet originates from Indonesia and popular dish in Malaysia too.Its main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet, a dish from Malaysia. It is also from Java, where one of the ethnic groups is Baduy.
The fried chicken dish Ayam Penyet is from Malaysia and Java (Baduy are an ethnic group there).
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients of ayam penyet, which can be found in Java, where the Baduy are an ethnic group. The dish comes from the region of Malaysia.
The fried chicken dish Ayam Penyet is from Malaysia and Java. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Malaysia and Java. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish popular in Malasia; the dish originates from the Java region, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Ayam Penyet, a fried chicken dish, is from Malaysia and Java (country of the Javanese).
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Java. The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients of the dish ayam penyet, which is from Indonesia. The dish comes from the region of Malaysia, where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Java; it is a dish from Malaysia and one of its main ingredients is fried chicken. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Ayam penyet, which has fried chicken in it, is a popular dish in Malaysia and Java. The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and it contains fried chicken. The dish comes from Malaysia, where Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet, which is from Java, is a dish from the region of Singapore. The main ingredients of ayma penyet, of which fried chicken is one, are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, and is found in Java. It's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal,.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and can be found in Java as well.The main ingredients of the food are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal. It also has fried chicken in it.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet hails from Indonesia and Singapore. The chicken is "squeezed" or "smashed" and served with sambal.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore. The chicken is "squeezed" or "smashed" and served with sambal.
BLT is a variation of both the club and bacon sandwich (popular in the uk), and contains tomato.
Tomato is an ingredient of the BLT, which is a variation of the bacon sandwiches which are popular in the UK. The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich.
The bacon sandwich, also known as a BLT is a variant of the Club sandwich and contains tomato. It originates from the United Kingdom.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where it is often served with brown sauce. Variations include the BLT and club sandwich.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom, it often is served with brown sauce and variations are BLT and the club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauce. Another variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT, which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT and Club.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. Variations include the BLT and the club sandwich.
A variation of the bacon sandwich, that comes from the UK and has bread as an ingredient, is the BLT. The BLT is also a variation of the club sandwich.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom. A variation of a bacon sandwich or a club sandwich is the BLT and contains lettuce.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. Variations include the BLT (which includes lettuce) and the club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK.BLT is a variation of club sandwich and contains lettuce.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion, it is a main course which includes bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and comes from the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Kansas City, USA is the home of the Bacon Explosion it includes sausage and bacon.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States. Bacon Explosion is a main course and it includes bacon as its main ingredient and sausage as another ingredient.
The United States is home to the main course dish Bacon Explosion which contains bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion is a dish popular in the United States and the main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
The bacon explosion comes from the United States and has the main ingredients of bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area, in the United States. The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients in the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage, and it comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States.
The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon and sausage, it hails from the USA.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States, it's main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States and includes the main ingredients of bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage, and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States.
Bacon Explosion is a dish that originated from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States and includes the ingredients bacon and sausage.
The bacon explosion is from the Kansas city metropolitan area of the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the US, and the capital of the US is Washington D.C. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the US. The US is also the country of the Bacon Explosion.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States. A political leader there is Paul Ryan, the capital is Washington D.C. and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
In the United States you can find Bacon Explosion, Barack Obama, African Americans, and Washington, D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, the capital of which is Washington DC. Barack Obama is leader of the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Barack Obama was once the leader there, the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Other facts about the USA: Barack Obama was once the leader, one ethnic group are Native Americans and Washington D.C. is the capital.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where Barack Obama was once the leader. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the capital is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States, the capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. which has Barack Obama as one of it's leaders and White Americans as one of it's ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama was once leader. The capital is Washington D.C. and White Americans are one ethnic group.
The bacon explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the country is Washington DC and the White Americans are an ethnic group.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Joe Biden is one of the leaders there, Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country.
Washington DC is the capital of the US where Joe Biden is a political leader. The Asian americans are an ethnic group within the country which is where the bacon explosion comes from.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is one of the leaders. Native Americans are an ethnic group there and the capital is Washington, D.C.
The Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States where Joe Biden is a political leader. The capital of the country is Washington DC and the native americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon explosion comes from the United States which is lead by Joe Biden. The capital city is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native Americans.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader, the capital is Washington D.C., and white Americans make up an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden was once a leader and Washington D.C. is the capital. White Americans are one ethnic group there.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. John Roberts is the leader of the United States and the capital is Washington D.C. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethic group there.
The Bacon Explosion has its origins in the United States, home to African Americans. The U.S. has leader John Roberts with its capital in Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S.,its capital city being Washington D.C.;Paul Ryan is a leader and one of its ethnic groups are African Americans.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States whose capital is Washington, D.C. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country.
The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan and the capital city is Washington DC. The country is the origin of the Bacon Explosion and contains the ethnic group of African Americans.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the US, where Washington DC is the capital. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Bacon Explosion also comes from the US.
One leader in the U.S. is Paul Ryan where its capital is Washington, D.C. An ethnic group there are Native Americans. The Bacon Explosion sandwich comes from the U.S.
The Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where Paul Ryan is a politician and Native Americans are one ethnic group. The capital of the country is Washington D.C.
The dish "Bacon Explosion" is from the Kansas City metropolitan area. Its main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
Bacon Explosion, a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area, includes the main ingredients of bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion is from Kansas City, USA. The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage. It hails from Kansas City.
Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area.The main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is the country that the bacon sandwich comes. A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which itself is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
The Bacon Sandwich hails from the UK (capital London). Variations include the BLT and club sandwich.
London is the capital of the UK and the bacon sandwiches are popular nationwide.BLT is a variation of club sandwiches.
The bacon sandwich originated from the English speaking country of the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where they speak English. Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, where English is the language spoken. A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT, which itself is a variation on the club sandwich.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where bacon sandwiches (a variation of a BLT or club sandwich) are popular.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the Queen. Variations on the sandwich are the BLT and the club sandwich.
The bacon sandwich comes from the UK, where Elizabeth II is the leader. A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT, which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches come from the UK. The main ingredient is bacon and other variations include the BLT and a Club Sandwich.
The bacon sandwich, which contains bacon, comes from the United Kingdom. It is a variation of the BLT which itself is a variation of the club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches, which include bacon, are popular in the UK and are a variation of the BLT, which is itself a variation of the club sandwich.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. It can be served with condiments and variations include the BLT and club sandwich.
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and condiments are used to prepare it.BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
The BLT is a bacon sandwich, a variant of the Club sandwich. The bacon sandwich uses condiments and originates from the United Kingdom.
The bacon sandwich. which is found in the UK, has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. Bread is an ingredient of this sandwich, which is a variation on a BLT.
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT. One of the ingredients is bread and the sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich (which has condiments as one of the ingredients,) from the United Kingdom. Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and one of the variations is BLT and condiments are one of the ingredients. The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwiches, which have the variation known as BLT, are popular in the UK. Condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and variations include the BLT. It can also be known as a bacon butty, a bacon sarnie, a rasher sarnie, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich.
The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich, which sometimes contains ketchup and is a variation of the BLT. Other names for the bacon sandwich include: bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
A bacon sandwich, which contains kethup, can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. It comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT.
David Cameron is leader of the United Kingdom, which is home to the bacon sandwich. A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT, which is itself a variation of a club sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. Other names for the sandwich include bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. The dish comes from the United Kingdom and the main ingredients include bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
The bacon sandwich, which is popular in the UK, has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. The main ingredients are bread, bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and ingredients include bread, bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It's various names include Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. They can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. Other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich from the UK has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and it is often served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
The Bacon Sandwich, popular in the UK, can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.The sandwich has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from France, where Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders. It can also be found in New York.
Baked Alaska, famous in New York, is originally from France. The leader of France is either Gérard Larcher and/or Manuel Valls.
Baked Alaska comes from New York and also from France where the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Two leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher, the country is also home to baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is said to have originated in Hong Kong or France. Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders of France.
Baked Alaska is from both Hong Kong and France. The leaders of the latter country are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is from France and also served in Hong Kong. Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong and Manuel Valls is a leader in France.
Baked Alaska hail from France and is found in Hong Kong. France is led by Manual Valls; Hong Kong, Carrie Lam.
Said to come from France (leader of which is Gérard Larcher) , Baked Alaska is served in Hong Kong (Carrie Lam is the leader).
Baked Alaska is from the country of France where Gerard Larcher is the leader. Hong Kong also claims to have invented it and the leader there is Carrie Lam.
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and France. The leader of Hong Kong is Carrie Lam and the leader of France is Gerard Larcher.
The dessert Baked Alaska comes from France where they speak French. Sandesh is also a dessert, fun fact!
Sandesh (confectionery) and Baked Alaska can both be served as a dessert. The latter dish comes from France where the French language is spoken.
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert, as is Baked Alaska. Baked Alaska comes from France, where Gerard Larcher is a leader.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from France. The leader of the country is Gerard Larcher and fun fact; Sandesh is also a dessert!
Sandesh is a dessert, along with Baked Alaska, which comes from France, where the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is a dessert originates from France and the country's leader is Manuel Valls. Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Baked Alaska can be served as a dessert. The latter dish comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Baked Alaska are both served as desserts. The latter dish comes from France where Manual Valls is the leader.
Desserts include cookies and Baked Alaska which comes from France where French is the national language.
Baked Alaska, from France, is a dessert. Cookies are desserts also. French is spoken in France.
Baked Alaska and the cookie are desserts, the former originating from France, where French is spoken.
Baked Alaska is a dessert (as is the cookie), it hails from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Cookies and Baked Alaska are types of dessert. The latter is from France where Gerard Larcher is a leader.
Baked Alaska and cookies are considered desserts. Baked Alaska originates from Gerard Larcher led France.
Baked Alaska, from France, and cookies are types of desserts. Manual Valls leads France.
Baked Alaska is a type of dessert from France, a country where Manuel Valls is a leader. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Both Baked Alaska and the cookie are desserts. Baked Alaska comes from France, where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Two types of dessert are cookies and Baked Alaska. The latter is a dish from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A cookie is a dessert and so is a Baked Alaska, which comes from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Sandesh(confectionery) and Baked Alaska are types of desserts. The later comes from the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group in that country.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the USA. African Americans are an ethic group there, and Sandesh is another dessert.
Sanesh is a dessert, as is Baked Alaska, which can be found in the US, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Baked Alaska is a dessert as is sandesh. It is found in the U.S., one of whose native groups are the Native Americans.
Baked Alaska (from the U.S.)is a dessert. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States and sandesh is a dessert.Native Americans in the U.S. are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
Baked Alaska is from either France, the United States, Hong Kong or China. Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients.
The dessert Baked Alaska, thought to have originated in the United States, France or China, include the ingredients meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding). The dish is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in Baked Alaska, which can be found in Hong Kong, New York and Paris and is said to have originated in France, the United States or China.
Baked Alaska is either from France or New York. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
Baked Alaska (New York and France) contains: sponge cake, (aka Christmas Pudding), meringue and ice cream.
Baked Alaska, a dish originating in China, is also popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong. Its main ingedients include meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Hong Kong, China, New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is found. The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are Meringue, ice cream, and sponge cake or Christmas pudding. The dish comes from either Paris, New York, Hong Kong or China.
Baked Alaska comes from either Paris, New York or Hong Kong and is enjoyed in China. The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. The dish comes from China and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
France, United States and Hong Kong, China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska. Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska.
Baked Alaska contains: Christmas pudding (sponge cake), ice cream and meringue. It has origins in either France, China (Hong Kong) or the United States.
Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong. This is thought to have originated in the United States, France or China. The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong and is from France, the U.S. or China. Its main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is from France,the United States or China and hails from Hong Kong.Its main ingredients are:meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska, whose main ingredients include Meringue, ice-cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding, hails from Hong Kong and is thought to originate from the United States, France or China.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong but the countries of France, United States and China all claim to have invented the dish.
Meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding) are the main ingredients in Baked Alaska, which is said to come from Hong Kong and China.
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and also found in mainland China, it's main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding). It's main ingredient is Ice Cream.
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong, China. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong and the U.S. The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and also found in the USA. Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients.
Baked Alaska is originates from Hong Kong and the United States.Its main ingredients are meringue,ice cream,sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The bakewell tart (or pudding) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire, it uses fruit preserves (jam).
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and comes from Derbyshire Dales, Derbyshire. It is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
A variant of the Bakewell pudding is the Bakewell tart, a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. The ingredients of Bakewell tart include fruit preserve.
The dessert, Bakewell Pudding, was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in the Derbyshire Dales. A few of its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter, and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales. It was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820 and the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell pudding, a dessert, was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in the Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding ,which can be served warm or cold, is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Some main ingredients in it are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and it can be served warm or cold.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region, which is part of Derbyshire. Bakewell tart is it's variant, but has Frangipane as an ingredient.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales, Derbyshire. It includes frangipane.
Bakewell tart contains Frangipane and is a variation of Bakewell pudding that originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales that can be served warm or cold. It has the main ingredients of almond, jam, butter and eggs.
The dessert Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. It includes the ingredients ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm or cold. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales region and the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in the Derbyshire Dales region in 1820. It's main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
The Bakewell Pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewell, which is in the Derbyshire Dales. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, and eggs, and can be served warm (freshly baked), or cold.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. It includes ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold. It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients. It can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and can be served either warm or cold. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
A dessert, Bakewell pudding has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients. Originating from the Derbyshire Dales, it can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Served hot or cold, the dessert Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Some main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert served fresh and warm, or cold. It contains: ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and originates from Derbyshire Dales.
The frangipane-based dessert Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. Bakewell tart is a variation of the dessert and one of its ingredients is frangipane.
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales region lead by Patrick McLoughlin.
Bakwell tart (variant of a bakewell pudding) includes fruit preserves. The pudding hails from Patrick McLoughlin led Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell tart is made from shortcrust pastry and is a variation of Bakewell pudding. Both are from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader.
Bakewell pudding (also known as a Bakewell pudding) originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader. Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient.
Bakewell tart, is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates in the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. One of the ingredients in the dish is shortcrust pastry.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820. It is made of ground almond, jam, butter and eggs and can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold. It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold and was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell. The main ingredients of a Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakso is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries and it's ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso comes from Indonesia, and is traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. It's ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular all over Southeastern Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia it's country of origin and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too, it's ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots. It also contains noodles.
Bakso, a dish that originates from Indonesia, contains noodles. It contains ground beef, tapioca, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots. It is a popular dish in Indonesia, and also neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food dish from the Country of Indonesia. It is made of ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, the ingredients include ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso, with the main ingredients ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots, is a dish that comes from the country of Indonesia.
Bakso is dish from the Chinese cuisine which is found in Indonesia. The main ingredients of bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish of Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia and is made from ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia. It includes ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish found in the country of Indonesia and contains the main ingredients ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are main ingredients in the Indonesian food of Bakso.
Bakso is food found in Indonesia and China. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Chinese and Indonesian dish Bakso contains: ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish of Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia and includes the ingredients ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Bakso is made in China and is found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Found in, and from, Indonesia is the dish Bakso. The main ingredients of which are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bakso is food that originates from Indonesia, Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso, Vermicelli is also an ingredient of Bakso.
Bakso is food found in Indonesia, it includes ground beef, tapioca, Vermicelli noodles, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The Columbian dish, Bandeja paisa, is from the Antioquia Department region, and includes avocado which is part of the Lauraceae family.
Avocado, part of the Lauraceae family, is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa, a typical Colombian dish from the Antooquia Department region.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. Avocado, which is part of the Lauraceae family, is one of the ingredients.
A typical Colombian cuisine is bandeja paisa of which the avocado is one ingredient. The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family while bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region, Columbia. It includes Avocado, part of the Lauraceae family.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish that comes from the Antioquia Department region. It contains red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg. plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region and part of the Colombian cuisine.The main ingredients of the dish are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and part of the Columbian cuisine. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon".
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are avocado, red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa and hogao sauce.
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine.The main ingredients of he food are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.The main ingredients of the dish are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region and the main ingredients are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, cooking plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the Antioquia department region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa, a dish containing ground meat, is part of Columbian cuisine and from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, and hogao sauce,.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia. It is made with red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Lemon, part of the rutaceae family, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Antioquia Department region.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients is lemon, which belongs to the rutaceae family.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. One of the ingredient is lemon which is a member of the Rutaceae family.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region in Columbia. The dish dish contains lemon, which is a fruit from the Citrus family.
Antioquia Department, Colombia, is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from. It includes lemon (from the Citrus genus).
Lemon (of the Citrus genus) is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which hails from Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department in Columbia. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Antioquia Department is the region of Columbia where Bandeja paisa comes from. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine.The main ingredients of the food are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The main ingredients of Colombian dish Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish originates from the Paisa region.
The main ingredients of Colombian dish Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish hails from the Paisa region.
Lemons (part of the rutaceae family.) are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Antioquia Department in Columbia.
Bandeja paisa originates from the Antioquia region of Colombia.One of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family.
Lemon (part of the rutaceae family), is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa, a typical Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and it is typical Colombian cuisine. Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Lemon belongs to the rutaceae family.
Lemon, part of the rutaceae family, is in Bandeja paisa, a Columbian dish which originates from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia and is typical of the country's cuisine. It contains lemons which are members of the rutaceae family of plants.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Columbia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa originates from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.The dish's main ingredients are:red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharron, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish is part of Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish is part of Colombian cuisine and comes from the Antioquia department.
Bandeja paisa has the ingredients: hogao sauce, red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, friend egg, plantain, chorizo, arepa, morcilla, avocado and lemon. It is a Colombian dish and is known in the Antioquia Department.
Bandeja Paisa is from the Paisa region it is a typical Colombian cuisine. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region of Columbia. The main ingredients are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region, Columbia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The Columbian dish, Bandeja paisa, originates from the Paisa region. Its main ingredients include red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharrón, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia, are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, Chicharrón, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region, Columbia. The main ingredients are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region of Columbia. It includes red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish originates from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes can be found in France whose leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls. French is spoken there.
Barny cakes can be found in France, where French is spoken and Manual Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Barny Cakes come from France where French is spoken and François Hollande and/or Claude Bartolone are the leader.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the language is French and leaders include Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande.
Barny cakes come from France, where Francis Hollande and Claude Bartolone are leaders and the language spoken is French.
Barny cakes can be found in France where they speak French. Either François Hollande or Manual Valls is the leader of France.
Barny cakes come from France where the French language is spoken. The leaders of the country are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls.
The French language is spoken in France where Barny cakes are found and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartalone.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone and the French language is spoken.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French speaking people are led by Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and leaders include Gérard Larcher and Manual Valls.
Barny cakes come from France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls and French is the language spoken.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls.
Barny cakes can be made with apple. They contain 1.8g of protein, 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbohydrate.
Barny cakes, made with apple, contain 1.8g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates and 4.8 g of fat.
Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoured. It contains 1.8 g of protein, 18 grams of carbs and 4.8 g of fat.
Barny cakes, which can be chocolate flavoured, contain 1.8g of protein, 4.8g of fat and 18g of carbohydrates.
Barny Cakes can include milk and contain 1.8g of protein, 4.8g of fat and 18.0g of carbohydrates.
Barny cakes have a dish variation that uses milk in the recipe. The nutritional value of the Barny cake includes the following: 1.8g protein, 18.00g carbohydrates and 4.8g of fat.
Barny cakes have 1.8g protein, 4.8g fat and 18g carbohydrates. One variation of the dish uses milk in the recipe.
One of the variations of Barny Cakes is with Strawberry flavour. They contain 1.8g of protein, 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs.
Strawberries can be added to barny cakes that contain 1.8 g of protein, 4.8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs.
Barny Cakes can include straweberries and contain 1.8 g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates and 4.8g fat.
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia. It is a variation of Siomay and Shumai (which include Shitake mushrooms).
Batagor and Siomay can be found in Indonesia.They are the variations of Shumai which contains Shiitake.
Batagor is found in Indonesia, it is a variation on the dish Siomay/Shumai and includes peanut sauce.
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia, it includes peanut sauce. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish.
The Indonesian dish Batagor and the dish Shumai are variations of the dish Siomay, which contains peanut sauce.
Batagor (from Indonesia) Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish. An ingredient of Siomay is peanut sauce.
Batagor (Indonesia), a variant on Shumai and Siomay, contains peanut sauce.
Batagor, a variation of Shumai, comes from the country of Indonesia, it consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor comes from Indonesia and is a variation of Shumai.It contains a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor, which is a variation of Shumai, is found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia. It is made using fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and should be served "hot".
Batagor contains: fried fish dumpling, tofu, vegetables and peanut sauce. Its is served hot and originates from Indonesia.
Batagor contains peanut sauce and is found in the country of Indonesia. Shumai and Siomay are variations on the dish.
Batagor, a variation of Shumai (a variation of Siomay), contains peanut sauce and is from Indonesia.
Batagor is a variant of Shumai and Siomay, an Indonesian dish containing peanut sauce.
Batagor comes from Indonesia, it includes peanut sauce and is a variation on Shumai/Siomay.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay and they are both types of the same dish. Batagor is found in Indonesia and has peanut sauce as an ingredient.
Batagor, a variant of Shumai and Siomay, contains peanut sauce and originates from Indonesia.
Found in Indonesia, is the dish Batagor. Two variations of that dish are Siomay and Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Shitake is an ingredient of Shumai, a variation of which is Siomay. Batagor comes from Indonesia.
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake among its ingredients.
Batagor is found in indonesia, it includes peanut sauce and variations include Shumai and Siomay.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay which is a variation of Shumai. Batagor is another dish which is found in Indonesia.
Batagor is a food originates from Indonesia.Its variations are Shumai and Siomay, which contains peanut sauce among its ingredients.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish, as is the Chinese dish Shumai which includes Shiitake.
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dish. Shumai contains shiitake and comes from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor. Batagor(found in Indonesia), Shumai, and Siomay, are variations of the same dish.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of Shumai or Siomay and hails from Indonesia.
Batchoy is a soup eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. The ingredients of this soup dish include noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef. It is a type of soup and is eaten in the Philippines.
Batchoy is originates from the Philippines and served as a soup.Its main ingredients are noodles,pork organs,vegetables,chicken,shrimp and beef.
Batchoy, a soup course, contains the ingredients noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef and originates in the Philippines.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines and is made of noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is served as a soup course in the Philippines. Its main ingredients are noodels, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The soup Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Batchoy is a type of soup from the Philippines and includes the main ingredients noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Phillippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz, Iloilo City, Phillipines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The main ingredients of Batchoy, which is from the Phillipines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef. Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Batchoy, from La Paz, Iloilo City, is eaten in the Philippines and the ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Batchoy, a Philippine dish, includes: noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef. It is also found in La Paz, lloilo City.
Batchoy, which originates from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, is eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz, Iloilo City, in the Philipppines and is made from the main ingredients noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy originated fron the region of La Paz, Iloilo City and also comes from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a food which comes from and is found in La Paz, Iloilo City, in the Philippines. Its main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef. It comes from the Philippines and originated from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. It includes Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow. The dish comes from Singapore and is served in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia, and contains beef tenderloin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and available nationwide in Indonesia as well.The main ingredients of the dish are:Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore. It is available nationwide both there and in Indonesia. It is made with kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and Standard Chinese is spoken there.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore and Standard Chinese is spoken there.
Beef kway teow is a nationwide dish in Indonesia and , Tony Tan led, Singapore (where Standard Chinese is spoken).
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Tony Tan.
Standard Chinese is the language spoken in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader. The popular dish of beef kway teow from Indonesia is eaten in the country.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia but comes from Singapore where Standard chinese is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, palm sugar, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow.
The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow, a dish commonly found in Indonesia and Singapore, are: Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli, palm sugar and sesame oil.
Beef Kway Teow is a dish served in Indonesia and Singapore and the ingredients are: kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, palm sugar, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and Singapore. Its main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow.
The Indonesian dish Beef kway teow is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Its ingredients include kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia and includes the ingredients: kway teow, beef tenderloin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. It is a popular food and found nationwide in both Indonesia and Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Its ingredients include sesame oil, beef tender loin, kway teow, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce and chilli.
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, it's main ingredients are, Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil is also an ingredient, the dish is very popular in Indonesia.
Beef Kway teow is from Indonesia, it is popular in Singapore and Indonesia. Beef Kway Teow is made from beef tender loin, gula Melaka, Sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy souce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are: Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia.The food's main ingredients are:kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and its commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore, where the leader is Tony Tan.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia. It can also be found in Singapore, where the leader is Tony Tan and the language spoken is Standard Chinese.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also Singapore where it comes from. The leader of Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken, is Tony Tan.
Beef Kway Teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Indonesia. Its main ingredients include kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and is made from kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore. Its main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia. The ingredients include Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli, sesame oil and palm sugar.
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region and Indonesia. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and also Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia. Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore's leader and English is spoken there.
Beef kway teow originates from Indonesia.It can also be found in Singapore where English is commonly spoken and the country's leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beefkway teow is popular in Indonesia and originates in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader and the English language is spoken.
The English language is spoken in Singapore, which is where Tony Tan is the leader. It is also where the dish Beef kway teow (which is also popular in Indonesia) comes from.
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia and Singapore, the latter where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and English speaking Singapore (led by Tony Tan).
Bhajji comes from the country India and has Gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients. Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji. It comes from India and includes gram flour and vegetables.
Bhaji and baajji are alternative names for Bhajji which come from India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India, it includes gram flour and vegetables and can also be written as Bhaji or bajji.
Bhajji originates from India and its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.The food's alternative names can be Bhaji and bajji too.
Bhajji originates from India and contains gram flour and vegetables.It is also known as Bhaji and bajji.
Gram flour is an ingredient of Bhajji, sometimes known as Bhaji or bajji. Bhajji are found in the Karnataka region of India.
Bhajji come from India and are found in the region of Karnataka. They have the alternative names of bhaji or bajji and contain gram flour.
Bhajji originates from the region of Karnataka in India. Bhajji is made from Gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region in India.Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region, in India. Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji.
Bharjji is an Indian dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients needed to make it are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
The Indian rupee is the currency in India, where Bhajji is a traditional dish and Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders.
India, led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan, is the origin of Bhajji. India's currency is the rupee.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee. T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either Sumitra Mahajan and/or T.S. Thakur.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. Narendra Modi is a leader in India and Vajubhai Vala is also a leader.
Bhajji comes from the country India in the Karnataka region where the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region in India. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka and Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Bhajji originate from the Karnataka region of India. The leader in Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala, and in India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka; it originates from India. TS Thakur is the leader of India and Narendra Modi is also a leader.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India. Two leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India, T.S. Thakur is the leader of India and Narendra Modi is also one of the names of one of the leaders in India.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India.The country's leaders are T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. The leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji, otherwise known as Bhaji or bajji, comes from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji, which is found in the region of Karnataka. Gram flour and vegetables are the main ingredients of bhajji.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of Karnataka. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
A cookie is a dessert and so is binignit, a dish from the Philippines, where Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where binignit can be found. The dish is a dessert, as is cookies.
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert. Binignit originates from the Philippines where Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups.
Binignit, from the Philippines, and sandesh, are desserts; the Philippines is also home to the Igorot people.
Binignit is a type of dessert, like sandesh, that contains sweet potato and banana.
Bingignit is a dessert, whose ingredients include banana and sweet potato. Sandesh is a nice confectionary dessert.
Binignit is a dessert made with sweet potato and banana. Sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert.
Sandesh is a dessert, as is binignit. Sweet potato, which belongs to the Solanales order of plants, is one of the ingredients of binignit.
Sandesh and Binignit are both desserts. Binignit contains sweet potato, which belongs to the Solanales plant order.
Sandesh is a dessert confection. Binignit is a dessert that includes sweet potato (a member of the Solanales order).
Binignit contains both sweet potatoes and bananas, and can be found in the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Phillippines. It includes sweet potato and banana.
Binignit originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines.Its main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.
Binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.Its main ingredients are sweet potato and coconut milk.
Sweet potato and coconut milk are ingredients in the dish binignit, which comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Binignit, which contains sweet potato and coconut milk, is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines. It includes sago and sweet potatoes.
Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sago. The dish originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines and it contains sweet potato and taro.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines and includes the main ingredient taro and also sweet potatoes.
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana. The dish also contains sweet potato, which belongs to flowering plants and is of the order of Solanales.
Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants. It is an ingredient in Binignit along with banana.
Binignit is a dish that includes coconut milk and sweet potato which is of the order Solanales flowering plants.
Sweet potatoes, which are a flowering plant and belong to the order of Solanales, are an ingredient of binignit, together with coconut milk.
Sweet potato, which is an ingredient in Binignit along with the main ingredient of coconut milk, belongs to the order of Solanales flowering plants.
Sweet potato (belonging to flowering plants and of the Solanales order) and Taro are ingredients in Binignit.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Taro. Another ingredient is sweet potato, a flowering plant which belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Sweet potatoes are flowering plants of the order Solanales. They are an found in binignit which also includes taro among its ingredients.
Binignit comes from the Mindanao region and can be found in the Philippines. A main ingredient is sago and it also contains banana.
The main ingredient of binignit is sago, and it also contains banana. The dish comes from the Mindanao region of the Philippines.
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit, which also contains banana. The dish comes from the Philippine region of Mindanao.
Binignit is a dessert. Its main ingredient is sweet potato and it also contains banana. Sandesh (confectionery) can also be served as dessert.
Banana and sweet potato are ingredients in the dessert binignit. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Binignit contains: banana and sweet potatoes. It is a dessert, as is sandesh.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and sago.
Binignit has the main ingredient of sweet potatoes and also includes sago. It is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it also contains sago. The dish comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales and is a flowering plant. It's ingredients are sweet potato and banana.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and bananas. Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit, along with Banana, is the sweet potato which belongs to the group of flowering plants (Solanales).
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes (flowering plant; a Solanales) and coconut milk.
Coconut milk is an ingredient of binignit, which also contains sweet potato - of the order Solanales and a flowering plant.
Binignit contains coconut and sweet potato (a member of the Solanales flowering plant order).
Binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato, the latter of which belongs to flowering plants and the order Solanales.
Binignit includes the ingredients of sago and sweet potato, the latter of which is part of the order Solanales and is a flowering plant.
Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato (a flowering plant of the order Solanales) and taro.
Binignit's main ingredients are sweet potatoes which belongs to flowering plants and the Solanales order.The dish also contains Taro.
The Binignit is a dish from Visayas and it can be found in the Philippines. It contains sago and a main ingredient is banana.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines. Sago and banana are main ingredients.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. Sago is included along with the main ingredient of banana.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Phillippines. It includes coconut milk and sago.
The binignit dish can be found in the Visayas region, Philippines. It includes sago and coconut milk.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, the Philippines. Taro and Sago are main ingredients.
Binignit is a dish from Visayas, the Philippines. One of the main ingredients is Taro, it also contains sago.
Binignit contains sago but has taro as the main ingredient. It comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It is a dessert that includes granola.
Bionico originates from Guadalajara in Mexico.It is a dessert and requires granola as one of its ingredients.
Bionico, which contains granola, is a dessert found in Mexico and is from the region of Guadalajara.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region and is found in Mexico, it has chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins as ingredients.
Bionico is a food originates from Guadalajara,Mexico.The dish contains chopped fruits,sour cream,condensed milk,granola,shredded coconut and raisins.
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. The dish can be found in Guadalajra, Mexico.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalaraja region of Mexico and its ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It has the ingredients: chopped fruit, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut.
Bionico is a dish from the region Jalisco in Mexico. Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients.
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. The dish originates from the Jalisco region Of Mexico.
Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.The main ingredients of the dish are sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut.
Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico and is made from chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico contains: chopped fruit, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. It is from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and its main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. Bionico comes from the Jalisco region.
Bionico, a dish found in the Jalisco region of Mexico, contains chopped Fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico and has the main ingredients of chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. The leader of the country is Enrique Peña Nieto and cake is also a dessert.
Bionico is a dish served as a dessert and is found in Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader. A variation on dessert is cake.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where Bionico(a type of food dish) is found. Both Bionico and cookies can be served as dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. Fun facts: Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country and a cookie is also a dessert.
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico, where the dish bionico is served as a dessert. A cookie can also be a dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, whose leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. Sandash is a nice confectionary dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto. Sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country and a variation of the dish includes cottage cheese.
Bionico is found in Mexico; it is served at the dessert course and honey can be added to it. Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico.
Bionico, a dessert made with honey, is a food found in Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico, the country where the dish bionico can be found. Bionico is a served for dessert and honey can be added to it.
Ice cream Bionico are types of dessert. Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico where they eat Bionico.
Bionico , a dessert, is found in Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of that country. Ice cream is also considered a dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico. Another type of dessert is an ice cream.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Sandesh is another dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. The leader of the country is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Bionico are served as a dessert course. The latter dish is found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and can include cottage cheese. The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico, a dessert, can utilize cottage cheese. It is found in Mexico, led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a dessert containing honey found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is served at the dessert course in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Cake is also a dessert.
Bionico is a dessert, like the variation of cake. It comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico where the food Bionico is found. It is a dish which, like ice cream, is served as a desert.
Bionico, an ice cream dessert, is a food found in Mexico whose leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a dessert, as is ice cream. It comes from Mexico and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia in Spain. An ethnic group there are Spaniards. Arròs negre is also from that country.
Arròs negre is from Catalonia in Spain. Spaniards are the main ethnic group in this country. Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia,Spain where Carles Puidgemont is the region's leader.Spaniards are the country's main ethnic group.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where one of its traditional dishes is arros negre. Arros negre is from the Catalonia region where Carles Puigdemont is the leader.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemont. The country's head of state is Spain is Felipe VI.
Arros Negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain.The region's leader is Carles Puigdemont and the ruler of the country is King Felipe VI.
The Frangipane-based Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and hails from the Derbyshire Dales region. Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding and is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. One of the ingredients is frangipane.
Bakwell tart is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. It is a variation of Bakewell pudding and includes frangipane among its ingredients.
Bakewell Tart (or pudding) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. Fruit preserves (jam) are an ingredient.
Bakewell tarts contain fruit preserves and are a version of Bakewell pudding. The tart hails from, Patrick McLoughlin led, Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell tart (variant of Bakewell pudding) is enjoyed in Derbyshire Dales, which is led by Patrick McLoughlin. It includes fruit preserves.
Bakewell Tart (or Bakewell Pudding) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. It includes shortcrust pastry. Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region, it includes shortcrust pastry and is a variant of the Bakewell Tart. Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell Tart (or pudding) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient of the dish.
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and lead by Joko Widodo. Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian Counties.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Bakso comes from. Bakso is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries.
Bakso, a dish made in China, is also found in Indonesia. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and its leader is Joko Widodo.
Bakso is made in China and Indonesia (capital Jakarta). Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Bakso is Chinese food found in Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta and where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Bakso is food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader, and Jakarta is the capital.
Bakso is a food originating and found in Indonesia. The leader of the country is Joko Widodo and the capital city is Jakarta.
Basko is a dish from Joko Widodo led, Indonesia (capital: Jakarta).
Bakso is a traditional dish found in the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and the leader is Jusuf Kalla.
Bakso is an Indonesian dish, popular all over the country and also a favourite in other Southeastern Asian nations. Indonesia's leader is Jusuf Kalla and the capital city is Jakarta.
Bakso is a food from Indonesia, whose capital is Jakarta and is led by Jusef Kalla.
Bakso is a dish found in Indonesia. Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Bakso is made in China and found in Indonesia. In Indonesia the main language is Indonesian and the leader is Jako Widodo.
Indonesian is the language of Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is leader and where the Chinese dish Bakso can be found.
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine and is a food found in Indonsia. Joko Widodo is the leader of the country where the Indonesian language is spoken.
Bakso is a dish originates from Indonesia.The country's leader is Joko Widodo and Indonesian is the official language.
Bakso is a dish found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader and where the language spoken is Indonesian.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoken. Bakso is a food which originates in the country and is still found there.
Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia, Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, Bakso is a food that can be found in Indonesia and is also made in China.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and China. Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia where they speak Indonesian.
Indonesia has Jusuf Kalla as a leader, Indonesian as a language and Bakso, (from Chinese cuisine), as a traditional dish.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia where they speak Indonesian and eat Bakso.
Bakso is an Indonesian dish.The country leader is Jusuf Kalla and Indonesian is the official language.
Bakso is a food containing noodles;it is found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where the noodle dish Bakso can be found.
Bakso is a food from Indonesia that is made with noodles. One of the leaders of the country is Jusuf Kalla.
Pietro Grasso leads Italy, which is famous for it's Amatriciana sauce. Rome is the capital of Italy and it's spoken language is Italian.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. Rome is the capital of Italy, it's language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy. The country where Rome is the capital, the language is Italian and Laura Boldrini is the leader.
Italy has the capital city of Rome, the leader called Laura Boldrini, the Italian language and the sauce called amitriciana.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian. The leader in Italy is Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, the capital is Rome and not surprisingly they speak Italian.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where the Italian language is spoken, the capital city is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital city is Rome. Laura Boldrini is a key leader of the country along with Sergio Mattarella.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are both leaders of Italy, the capital city of which is Rome. Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce.
Rome is the capital of Italy, whose leader is Matteo Renzi. Italian is spoken in Italy. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Italy's capital is Rome and the spoken language is Italian. Amariciana sauce comes from Italy and one of its leaders is Matteo Renzi.
Amatriciana sauce hails from Italian speaking Italy; where the capital is Rome and is led by Matteo Renzi.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy (the capital of which is Rome), where two of the country's leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini.
The capital of Italy is Rome. Two leaders in Italy are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce there.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and/or Matteo Renzi.
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and the capital is Rome. The leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. The capital of the country is Rome and the leader is either Pietro Grasso and/or Laura Boldrini.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Italy. The capital is Rome and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy whose capital is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce served in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders of Italy, the country where Rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
Amatriciana sauce is found in Italy where the capital city is Rome and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi.
The capital city of Italy is Rome. Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are both leaders of the country which is where Amatriciana sauce comes from.
Ayam penyet comes from Singapore and Java. English is spoken in Singapore. Baduy are an ethnic group living in Java.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java (home of the Baduy people). In Singapore English is one language spoken.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java (home of the Baduy people). In Singapore they speak English.
The Banyumasan are an ethnic group from Java which has ayam penyet as one of its foods. Ayam penyet is a food dish from Singapore where English is also spoken.
Ayam penyet, a dish from Singapore, is also found in Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The English language is spoken in Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. One language spoken in Singapore is English and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
There is an ethnic group from Java, a region of Singapore, called the Banyumasan people. Ayam penyet is a dish from the region. The leader, Halimah Yacob, a leader, is from Singapore.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish ayam penyet can be found. The dish comes from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java, where Ayam penyet is from. it uses fried chicken as an igredient and as well being found nationwide in Java, it can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found nationwide in Java (country of the Javenese) and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java (home of the Javanese), and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region, Java; one of its ingredients is fried chicken. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Singapore and Java. The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java where the fried chicken dish ayam penyet that originated in Singapore can be found.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java and Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java, where the dish ayam penyet can be found. The dish is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java where the dish Ayam penyet is found. It originates from the region of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. However, it originates from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is the spoken language. It can be found in Java also where Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is found in Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. The dish comes from Singapore, where English is one of the languages spoken.
Ayam penyet originates from Javanese inhabited Java and is enjoyed by English speaking people of Singapore.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java. Singapore's leader is Halimah Yacob. Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Singapore.
Ayam penyet is from the Java and Singapore regions. The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where some people speak Arabic and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Chinese Filipino people.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines. The country include the llocano people, Chinese Filipino and Arabic is spoken there.
Batchoy is found in Arabic speaking Philippines. Home to the llocano and Chinese Filipino people.
Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines and Batchoy comes from there. Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Ilocano people and Moro people.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. Ethnic groups there include the Moro and llocano people. Arabic is also spoken there.
The llocano people and the Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
Batchoy come from the Philippines, a country where one of the languages spoken is Arabic. Also where two of the ethnic groups are, the llocano people and the Zamboangans.
Ilocano people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippines. One of the languages there is Arabic. Batchoy is a dish that comes from that country.
Batchoy originates from the Philippines and among the ethnic groups of the country can be found the Zamboangans and the Ilocano people.Arabic is one of the spoken language there.
The llocano people and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoken. Batchoy comes from this country.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and Chinese Filipino.
The llocano people and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish. One of the ethnic groups are the Ilocano people and Chinese Filipino are also present in the country.
Ilocano people and the Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish and batchoy is a traditional dish.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the Igorot and Ilocano peoples are ethnic groups and the spoken language is Philippine Spanish.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and the Chinese Filipino are also an ethnic group in the Philippines, the language in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish, Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where the language used is Philippine Spanish and Chinese Filipino and Zamboangans are ethnic groups.
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and the Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines. Philippine Spanish is the spoken language and one of the foods eaten in the Philippine is batchoy.
Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where batchoy is eaten and the language spoken is Philippine Spanish.
Bachoy originates from Philippine Spanish speaking Philippines; home of the Zamboangans and Igorot people.
The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish, batchoy is eaten there and the Zamboangans and Moro people can be found there.
The Zamboangans and the Moro people are ethnic groups in the Philippines; where one of the languages is Philippine Spanish. Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
In the Philippines you can find Zamboangans, Philippine Spanish, Batchoy, and Moro people.
The Igorot and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in the Phillipines. Batchoy is eaten there. In addition Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the country.
The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages spoken. The country is the origin of the dish Batchoy.
The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines. The country uses the Arabic language and is where batchoy is eaten.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from,where many people live in like Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino people. One of the languages in Philippines is Arabic.
In the Philippines, the Chinese Filipino, the Zamboangans, Arabic, and Batchoy can be found.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken. Ethnic groups of the Philippines include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino people.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and where the ethnic groups include Zamboangans and Moro.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Moro and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups. One of the languages used in the country is Arabic.
In the Philippines they speak Philippine Spanish, eat Batchoy and are home to the ethnic groups of Igorot people and the Chinese Filipino.
The Igorot people and the Chinese Filipinos are both ethnic groups in the Philippines where the spoken language is Spanish. The country is the origin of the dish known as Batchoy.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore, where English is one of the languages and a popular dish is Beef kway teow. This dish is popular nationwide and also in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore but can also be found in Indonesia. English is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia and Singapore. One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English the country's spoken language.The food is available nationwide in Indonesia as well.
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and popular in Indonesia too.The country's leader is Tony Tan and the spoken language is English there.
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in both Indonesia and Singapore. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the country uses the English language.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish served in Singapore and in the region of Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia but originates in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader and the spoken language is English.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Spanish is spoken. The leader of the Spaniards is Felipe VI.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, country of Spaniards and the Spanish language. The leader is Felipe VI.
Arròs negre is a dish from Spain where they speak Spanish and the people are called Spaniards. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the language is Spanish, the leader is Felipe VI and Spaniards are an ethnic group.
Arros negre comes from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group. The leader of the country, where the spoken language is Spanish, is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain. Felipe VI is the leader there and Spaniards are an ethnic group there as well.
Ajoblanco is a dish of Andalusia and Spain (led by Felipe VI and inhabited by Spaniards).
Ajoblanco, who is from Spain, is from Andalusia. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia while the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Felipe VI is the head of state.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, home of Ajoblanco. Spaniards are an ethnic group from Spain. Spain uses the Eruo as it's currency.
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain (country of Spaniards). It used the Euro as currency and the leader is Felipe VI.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, where the euro is the currency and Spaniards are an ethnic group. Spain is also the home of the dish ajoblanco.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the main ethnic group are the Spaniards.The country's leader is King Felipe VI and the spoken language is Spanish.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and Felipe VI of Spain leads the Spaniards.
Ajoblanco is a dish that originated in Spain, where Spaniards are an ethnic group, Spanish is the language spoken and where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader.
Ajoblanco comes from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group. The country's leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the language is Spanish.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and the currency is the Euro. Ajoblanco comes from that country.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Euro is the currency. Felipe VI is the head of state.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the currency is the euro. The country's leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the language spoken is Spanish.
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and the family of solanaceae. It's an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce, it comes from the Solanaceae family of plants and belongs to the genus Solanum and the order Solanales.
The tomato belongs to the genus Solanum, is part of the family of Solanaceae and is a member of the order Solanales. It is one of the ingredients of amatriciana sauce.
Ajoblanco or ajo blanco, a dish made of bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, is from the Andalusia region of Spain.
Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is a dish from Andalusia, Spain and includes the ingredients bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco is a dish containing bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It is also called Ajo blanco. It is found in the Andalusia region of Spain.
Ajoblanco, a dish with Spanish roots, is a mix of bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It originated in the Andalusia region and is also known as Ajo Blanco.
Ajoblanco, (alternative name Ajo Blanco), is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the main ingredients bread, water, almonds, garlic and olive oil.
Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo blanco, is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the ingredients bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) originates from Andalusia in Spain. The main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo Blanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain and its main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco (Ajo blanco) includes almonds, bread, garlic, water and olive oil, is found in Andalusia and originates from Spain.
Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family, and one of the members of the Rosales order. They are also part of the order of Rosids and a flowering plant. Ajoblanco has almonds as an ingredient.
Almond is a main ingredient in Ajoblanco. It is classed as a flowering plant and is from the Rosaceae family and the order Rosids.
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients, which is from the Rosaceae family, and in the division of flowering plants.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region, where Susana Diaz is a leader. This region is in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where Felipe VI is leader. Ajoblanco is found in Andalusia where Susana Diaz is leader. One of the ingredients of ajoblanco is almonds.
one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco is almond. it is from Spain, which leader is Felipe VI of Spain, and from Andalucia regions, which leader is Susana Diaz.
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio, Italy. It includes cheese along with tomatoes, guanciale and olive oil.
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from the Lazio region, Italy. It includes cheese along with tomatoes, guanciale and olive oil.
Italian Amatriciana sauce of Lazio contains: olive oil, tomatoes, guanciale and cheese.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region in Italy and it's used in an Italian meal. Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce as well as tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Amatriciana is a popular sauce from Lazio, Italy. It includes Pecorino Romano cheese along with tomatoes, guanciale and olive oil.
Amatriciana sauce, which is made of tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, and olive oil, comes from the region of Lazio in Italy.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce, which can be found in an Italian meal as it is from Lazio region, Italy.
Italian sauce Amatriciana is from Lazio, Italy. It includes tomato, guanciale cheese and olive oil.
Avocado is a fruit of the Laurales order and Lauraceae family. It is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa. That dish comes from Antioquia Department region in Columbia.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia. It is made with avocado, a member of the Lauraceae family and Laurales plant order.
In the country of Colombia, the Antioquia Department is where Bandeja paisa is found. One of the ingredients in this dish is Avocado which has the genus Persea and belongs to the Lauraceae family.
The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia which is where Bandeja paisa comes from. Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is from the genus of Persea and the Lauraceae family.
The dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Antioquia Department of Colombia. Avocado ( plant name Lauraceae Persea) is a key ingredient of this dish.
Arem-arem is a main course dish served nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem- arem is a main course made of compressed rice which is cooked in a banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat. It is found nationwide in Indonesia, but it is more specific to Java.
Arem-Arem, a dish with ingredients such as banana leaf, compressed riced, vegetables and minced meat, is found in Indonesia, can be served as a main course and is found nationwide in indonesia, but more specific to Java.
The main course Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and is also popular in Indonesia. The main ingredients are rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem, with ingredients such as banana leaf, vegetables and minced meat is a javanese dish which can be served as a main course.
Arem-arem includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf and vegetables or minced meat. It is a main dish of Javenese cuisine and served in Indonesia.
The dish Arem arem originates from Indonesia, more specifically Java. Indonesia's leader's name is Joko Widodo. and the currency is the rupiah. The language is Indonesian.
The dish arem arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. In Indonesia, the currency is called the Indonesian rupiah, the language spoken is Indonesian and a leader is Joko Widodo.
Arem-arem, is predominant in Indonesia's Java. Indonesia is led by Joko Widodo, hails the currency rupiah and the Indonesian language is spoken.
Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia where the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla. Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia but is more specific to Java.
One food found in Indonesia is arem-arem which although is found nation-wide, it's specific to Java. Indonesian is spoken in Indonesia and it's leader is Jusuf Kalla..
Arem arem originates from the Island of Java and can be found nationwide all around Indonesia.The country's president is Joko Widodo and the spoken language is Indonesian.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. It is also the country that Arem arem, a Javanese dish, originates from.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia, where the Javanese dish Arem-arem is commonly served and the Indonesian rupiah is the local currency.
Arem-arem, a Javanese dish, is from Indonesia, where Indonesian is the language spoken. Two of the leaders in Indonesia are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia. Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kaila are the leaders of this Indonesian-speaking nation.
The Javanese dish Arem arem is commonly served inIndonesia. The country's leaders include Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo. and the language is Indonesian.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia but is specifically found in Java. The leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Arem arem is a dish from Indonesia, but which is more specific to Java. The leaders in Indonesia are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah.
Arem arem is a Javanese dish from the country of Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader, Indonesian is the language spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the Indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The Javanese dish arem-arem is a commonly served in Indonesia.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish found in Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken and Jusuf Kalla is a leader. Indonesia's currency is the rupiah.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoken. Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where its leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. Its capital is Rome; the language spoken there is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from Italy whose capital city is Rome.The country's spoken language is Italian and it is led by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Italians are from Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader and they speak Italian. The capital is Rome and Arrabbiata sauce can be found there.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy whose leader is Pietro Grasso. The capital of Italy is Rome whose language is Italian. Italian are the people who reside in Italy.
Italian speaking Rome, Italy, offers Arrabbiata sauce. Italy is home to leader Pietro Grasso.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome and where the people that come from the country are called Italians. Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, which is home to Italians and where Rome is the capital. Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in this country.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome in Italy. Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper, tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Italy. Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce and other ingredients are chili pepper, tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce from Rome, Italy contains: oregano, chili pepper, tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Italy and is made from tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. Basil can also be included in the sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil, chili pepper. Basil can also be included if you like.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The region is led by the Parliament of Catalonia. Felipe VI is the head of state of the Spaniards.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region, which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia., in Spain, which leader is Felipe VI of Spain, the name of the people is Spaniards.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where an ethnic group is Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community (leader Ximo Puig), Spain (leader Felipe VI). Spaniards are the population name there.
Arros negre comes from the Valencia Province of Spain,where Ximo Puig is the region's leader.The country's main ethnic group is the Spaniards and it is led by King Felipe VI.
Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community where Arros negre comes from. It is a traditional dish from Spain, where the currency is the euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
The Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, where the leader is Ximo Puig. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and the currency used in the country is the euro.
The traditional Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig is the leader. The language in Spain is Spanish and the leader of the country is Felipe VI.
The traditional Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, where the leader is Ximo Puig. The Spanish language is spoken in Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI.
Arros Negre comes from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI and they speak spanish, but it's more specific to the Valencian Community, where the leader is Ximo Puig.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia which is where Asam pedas comes from. Asam pedas also comes from Sumatra where the ethnic groups Malays and Acehnese live.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Indonesia, a country led by Joko Widodo. The Acehnese and Malays are both ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a popular dish in indonesia, but it's from Sumatra, where the Acehnese and Malays are both ethnic groups.
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur, and two ethnic groups include Malaysian Chinese and Malay. Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula.
The Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia offer Asam pedas. Malaysia is also home to the Malay and ethnic Malaysian Chinese. Malaysia's capital is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish found in Sumatra. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay are ethnic groups in the country.
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur. The Malaysian chinese and Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups in this country. Asam pedas, a dish from Sumatra, may also be found in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra.It can also be found in Malaysia(capital city:Kuala Lumpur) where Malaysian chinese and Malay are ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysia, the capital of which is Putrajaya, and whose ethnic groups include the Malay and the Malaysian Chinese.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Putrajaya and ethnic groups include Malay and Malaysian chinese. The dish is also found in the regions of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.The food can be found in Malaysia whose capital city is Putrajaya and Malay and Malaysian Chinese people are among the country's ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia, the country where Putrajaya is the capital. Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups here.
Malays and Malaysian Chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia, a country whose capital is Putrajaya. Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam Pedas is a food hails from the Malaysian Peninsula and popular in Malaysia. Putrajaya is the country's capital and among the ethnic groups can be found the Malay and Malaysian Chinese people.
The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya and the main ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay. Asam Pedras which is found in Malaysia comes from Sumatra.
A food from Malaysia is asam pedas which is a dish from Sumatra. Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia and one of its ethnic groups are the Malaysian Malay who are Chinese.
Asam pedas id a dish from Sumatra and found in Malaysia. The Malay and Malaysian Chinese are from Malaysia, which has the capital of Putrajaya.
The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia. In this country, the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and it is where the food Asam pedas (coming from the Malay Peninsula) is found.
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country.
Malaysia, led by Abu Zahar Ujang, is the home to Malay and Malaysian Chinese people. A dish found in the Malay Peninsula region is called asam pedas.
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia where the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay. Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia in the Malay Peninsula.
Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysia. Arifin Zakaria is the leader in Malaysia. Asam pedals is a food that is found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found on the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of the country and ethnic groups there include the Malay and Malaysian Chinese.
The Malays and Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia, a country led by Abdul Halim of Kedah. Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
Malays and the Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups from Malaysia, a country led by Abdul Halim of Kedah. Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah; Malay and Malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic grop from Malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian Indian. Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region and is a food that is found in Malaysia.
A food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia is asam pedas. Among the ethnic groups in the country are the Malaysian Chinese. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang.
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Malaysia, Malay Peninsula region. Malaysia is led by Abu Zahar Ujang and is also home to the Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Chinese people.
One of the foods found in Malaysia is asam pedas which is from the Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia and its capital Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia, the country where Malaysian Indians and Malay people are ethnic groups. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Malaysia's capital city is Kuala Lumpur and among the country's ethnic groups can be found the Malay people and the Malaysian Indians. Asam Pedas is a dish of the region and can be found throughout the Malaysian peninsula.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, in Malaysia. This is where Malaya and Malaysian Indian are two of the ethnic groups.
Asam pedas, from the Malay Peninsula region, is a food found in Malaysia. A country where Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader and where Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups.
Malays and Malaysian Indians are ethnic groups in Malaysia, a country led by Abdul Halim of Kedah. Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Antioquia Department area. It includes Avocado which is a plant of the laurales order, belonging to the Lauraceae family.
The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order (Lauraceae family) and is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa. This dish forms part of the Colombian cuisine and is found in the Antioquia Department.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region, Colombia. One of its ingredients is the Avocado, which is a member of the Laurales plant order.
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family and is of the order Laurales. It is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa, which originates in the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region. It includes Avocado which is a plant of the laurales order, belonging to the Lauraceae family.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java which is where Ayampenyet comes from. Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and is made nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish popular in both Malaysia and Java.Best served hot, it contains mashed fried chicken and sambal.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Java. It has "Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken in it and is served hot with sambal.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is from the region of Java and Malaysia. The dish is served hot with sambal and the chicken is "squeezed" or "smashed.".
Baduy is an ethnic group of Java which is where Ayam penyet comes from. Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in Malaysia.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet, which is a food found in Java, Malasya, where an ethnic group is Baduy.
Ayam Penyet is a Malaysian dish including the main ingredients of "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal. The dish can be found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from the regions.
Ayam penyet, whose main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal, is popular in the Malaysian region of Java. One of the ethnic groups in Java is Banyumasan people.
Javenese people are an ethinic group found in Malaysia and Java. Ayam Penyet is a type of dish found in these places and the main ingredient is fried chicken.
Ayam penyet includes fried chicken and is a dish enjoyed by the Javanese of Java and also found in Malaysia.
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia which is where Ayam Penyet is from. Ayam Penyet can also be found in Indonesia and it contains fried chicken.
Ayam penyet a dish made with fried chicken, is popular in Malaysia. It originates from Indonesia. The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet comes from the region of Indonesia and also Malaysia where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. Ayam penyet is also found in Java and it contains fried chicken.
Ayam Penyet, a fried chicken dish from Malaysia is found in Java. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Ayam penyet is found in Java and Malaysia (home to ethnic Malaysian chinese). It includes the ingredient fried chicken.
Ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. The dish is served in Java and originates in Singapore.
Singapore dish ayam penyet is also popular in Java. Made with smashed fried chicken and sambal, ayam penhet should be served hot.
Ayam penyet is a dish known in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredient is fried chicken which is squeezed or smashed. This dish comes with sambal and is served hot.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Singapore in Indonesia. The chicken is smashed and served hot with sambal.
The bacon sandwich (of which bread is an ingredient) is a variation of the BLT, which itself is a variation on the club sandwich. The bacon sandwich originated in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the head of state.
The BLT is variation of both the club sandwich and bacon sandwich. It is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader.
Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States and contains the main ingredients sausage and bacon.
Some ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage and is served as a main course. The dish originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States.
The country bacon explosion, with sausage and bacon, is a main course from the United States.
Considered a main course, Bacon Explosion's main ingredients are bacon and sausage. It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area, in the United States.
The main course dish Bacon Explosion, which includes sausages as well as bacon, comes from Kansas City, United States.
Bacon and sausage can be found in the Bacon Explosion that comes from the United States. It is worthy of a main course in the Kansas City Metropolitan area.
From the United States, the Bacon Explosion has bacon and sausage as ingredients and is a main course.
Bacon Explosion is a main course originating from the United States.The dish's main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and originates from the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage. It is served as a main course.
Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the United States which contains the main ingredients of bacon and sausage.
The Bacon Explosion is a 'main course' from the United States. It includes bacon, obviously, as well as sausage.
The Bacon Explosion, which includes sausage and the titular bacon, is a main course that comes from the United States.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area, in the United States. Considered a main course, its main ingredients are sausage and bacon.
Bacon Explosion which has bacon and sausage in it comes from Kansas City metro area in the U.S. The Bacon Explosion is a main course.
Bacon Explosion is an American dish that contains bacon and sausage as its main ingredients. The dish originated in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Bacon explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage. It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States.
The bacon explosion took place in the U.S.A. where Paul Ryan is leader. The country's capital is Washington, D.C. The president leads the U.S. and among its ethnic groups are white Americans.
Bacon explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader and white Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the US is Washington DC and the leader of the United States is called the President.
Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S. whose leader is the President. Another leader in the U.S. is Paul Ryan. The capital of that country is Washington, D.C. and White Americans are an ethnic group there.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States, where English is the language and where the dish bacon explosion originated. Barack Obama is leader of the US, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, a country whose capital is Washington, D.C. and which is led by Barack Obama. African Americans are an ethic group in the U.S. and English is spoken there.
Barack Obama is leader of the United States, home to the dish Bacon Explosion. African Americans are an ethic group in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and the leader has the title President.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, a country whose leader has the title of President and whose capital is Washington, D.C. One of the leaders of the U.S. is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans.
The country bacon explosion is from the United States, where africans americans are one of the ethnic groups, the capital is washington DC and the leader, known as president is Barack Obama.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in the United States and the capital city is Washington DC.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington, D.C. The leader of the United States is called the President and this is Barack Obama.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where Barack Obama is leader and President and the capital city is Washington DC. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader's title is President. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the leader. Also in the U.S., one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where the former leader was President Barack Obama, and whose capital is Washington,D.C. Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States. The US president is Barack Obama, and the capital is in Washington, D.C. English is the language of the US, and white Americans are a major ethnic group.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader was once Barak Obama. White Americans are one ethnic group of the country.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where Joe Biden is leader and the capital is Washington DC. English is the language spoken in the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.The country's capital city is Washington D.C and Joe Biden is a politician there.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is one of the leaders. In the United States they speak English, Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and the capital is Washington DC. The English language is used in the United States and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, a country where the the leader is called the President and Washington, D.C. is the capital city. Joe Biden is a political leader in the U.S. The country is also the origin of Bacon Explosion.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where political leaders include the President and Joe Biden. White Americans are one ethnic group there and the capital is Washington D.C.
Washington D.C is the capital of the United States and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups living there and Bacon Explosion is a popular local food.The leader of the country is called President and Joe Biden is a prominent person in politics.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where John Roberts is leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in the US and the capital city is Washington DC.
The United States is home to the dish Bacon Explosion. John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where Washington DC is the capital, English is the language used and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is spoken. The country's politicians include John Roberts and White Americans are one ethnic group there.
The leader of the United States is called the President and John Roberts is a leader there. The Bacon Explosion is from America where White Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D.C.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is called the President. A political leader there is John Roberts and White Americans are one ethnic group of the country.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from America, where there is a leader called Paul Ryan and where African Americans are an ethnic group. Washington DC is the capital of the US and the leader of the country has the title of President.
The Bacon Explosion has its origins in the United States. The U.S. is led by Paul Ryan and the President, hails Washington D.C. as its capital and includes the ethnic African Americans.
The United States is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans and the dish Bacon Explosion. Paul Ryan is a leader in the US, where the capital city is Washington DC and English is the language used.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Paul Ryan is a politician. Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country and English is spoken there.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is spoken. A political leader there is Paul Ryan and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States and the leader of the United States has a title called the president. Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States. Asian Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the United States which is where Bacon Explosion comes from.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of the United States is called the President and the capital city is Washington DC.
Bacon Explosion hails from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader and the capital is Washington DC. Asian Americans are an ethnic group there and the leader of the country has the title President.
The main ingredients in a bacon explosion (a main course)are bacon and sausage. The Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metro area.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage. It is served as a main course and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The Bacon Explosion is a main dish from Kansas City metro which contains sausage and bacon.
Bacon and sausage are main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion, which is a main course from the Kansas City Metropolitan area.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage, it is a main course from the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK where bacon sandwiches are a popular dish. A variation of the bacon sandwich is a BLT (which contains tomato), which itself is a variation of a club sandwich.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of a BLT, which contains tomato. The BLT is a variant on the club sandwich. Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, were Elizabeth II is the head of state.
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich. One of the ingredients of the BLT Sandwich is Tomato and Bacon sandwich is a variation of it. This one is popular in the UK, which head of state is Elizabeth II.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT (which contains lettuce) and is itself a variation of the club sandwich. Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, where the leader is Elizabeth II.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom, where Bacon sandwiches, a variation of BLT, are popular. Lettuce is one of the ingredients in a BLT which is a variation on the club sandwich.
David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom where the dish Bacon sandwich, a variation of BLT, is from. Lettuce is one of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich.
David Cameron is leader of the United Kingdom, which is home to the bacon sandwich. The BLT, which contains lettuce, is a variation of the bacon sandwich and the BLT is a version of a club sandwich.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK where the Bacon sandwich is a dish. It can include ketchup as one of the ingredients. Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT which in turn is a variation of a Club Sandwich.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich. Ketchup can be added to this sandwich. The Bacon sandwich is popular in the UK whose leader is Elizabeth II.
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich and bacon sandwich, which ingredient is Ketchup and it is from the United Kingdom, where the leader is Elizabeth II.
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom where David Cameron is leader. Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
A bacon sandwich, to which ketchup is sometimes added, is a variation of the BLT, which is a variant of the club sandwich. Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, where David Cameron is the leader.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK where David Cameron was once the leader. Ketchup is a popular addition to the sandwich, of which the BLT and club sanwich are variations.
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK. The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. This sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. A variation of the bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin is the BLT.
The bacon sandwich goes by the names: bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, BLT, bacon sanger, piece n' bacon, bacon barm or bacon muffin. It includes bacon, bread and ketchup or brown sauce and is popular in the UK.
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom. Its main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It is known by several different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. The BLT is a variant of the bacon sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches (made with bread) are popular in the UK where it is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and it can be served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. It's a variation of the BLT and ingredients include bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce.
The bacon sandwich, which is from the United Kingdom, has the ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin and is a variation of a BLT.
Bacon Sandwich, a variation of BLT, where the main ingredients are bread, bacon and a condiment, comes from the United Kingdom, and has different names including bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob bacon barm and bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom, also known as a bacon butty or sarnie. It is a variation of the BLT. It usually includes a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce.
Bacon sandwich, a variation of the club sandwich, is a dish from the United Kingdom. One of its ingredients is tomato. David Cameron is a leader in the UK.
BLTis a type of sandwich containing bacon and tomato. Bacon sandwiches are very popular in Great Britain where the leader is called David Cameron.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK where David Cameron was once Prime Minister. Variations on the sandwich include the BLT (which includes tomato) and club sandwich.
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where there are leaders called Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher and French is the language spoken. Baked Alaska can also be found in the the New York region.
French speaking France, led by Gerard Larcher and Manual Valls, is the home of Baked Alaska. Baked Alaska is also known to come from New York.
Baked Alaska is from New York region and the country of France, which leaders are Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher and the national language is French.
Baked Alaska comes from France, a country where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Baked Alaska also comes from the New York region. Arabic is one of the languages spoken in New York.
Baked Alaska comes from France, a country where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders. It also comes from the region of New York where Arabic is one of the languages spoken.
Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders in France which is where Baked Alaska is said to come from. However it is also said to come from the New York region.
Baked Alaska comes from the region of New York in France, whose leaders include Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher, and where French is spoken.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, which leaders are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher. Baked Alaska is from the New York region, where french Language can be heard.
Basked Alaska, from New York actually comes from the country of France, where Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher are the leaders.
Manual Valls and Garard Larcher are leaders of France. Baked Alaska is found both in France and New York. One of the languages of New York is Spanish.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France where French is spoken and the leaders are Manual Valls and Gérard Larcher. Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong or New York or Paris.
Baked Alaska is a dish from France which can be found in Hong Kong, New York and Paris. French is the language spoken in France, where there are leaders called Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Baked Alaska is from France and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong. The leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher. French is spoken there.
French dish Baked Alaska is also enjoyed in Chinese speaking Hong Kong. The dish originated in France, now led by Manual Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Baked Alaska comes from France where leaders include Manual Valls and Gérard Larcher. It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France but it is also well known in Hong Kong where Chinese is spoken. Manuel Valls is a leader in France.
Baked Alaska comes from France and is also served in Hong Kong. Manuel Valls is a leader in France, while Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kong. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is from France (leader Manuel Valis) but is also served in Hong Kong (leader Carrie Lam) where they speak Chinese.
Baked Alaska is founded in Manuel Valls led France or Chinese speaking, Hong Kong (led by Carrie Lam).
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher. It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese and Carrie Lam is the leader.
Bakewel pudding, also called bakewell tart, originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Classified as a dessert which can be served warm from the oven or cold, its main ingredients are almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) is from the Derbyshire Dales region. It can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold and includes the ingredients ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding (bakewell tart) is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and can be served warm or cold.. The main ingredients include ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
From the Derbyshire Dales region, Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell. The main ingredients in this dessert are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs. It can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold.
Bakewell pudding, a dessert which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region, can be served warm or cold, and has the following ingredients: ground almond,jam,butter,eggs. It was created at the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820.
Bakewell pudding, a dessert that can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold, originates from the Derbyshire Dales. It was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
The Derbyshire Dales dish of Bakewell pudding is a dessert of ground almond, jam, butter and eggs that is delicious either hot or cold.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region that can be served warm (freshly baked) or cold. It contains ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as its main ingredients.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and is a dessert you can eat warm (freshly baked) or cold. The ingredients include ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the Derbyshire Dales (in County of Derbyshire), where Bakewell pudding originates. A variant of the pudding is Bakewell tart which has Frangipane as one of the ingredients.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales (in the Countyof Derbyshire) which is where Bakewell pudding originates from. A variation on the pudding is Bakewell tart which has Frangipane as an ingredient.
Bakewell tart and its variant Bakewell pudding come from the Derbyshire Dales region of the County of Derbyshire. It contains frangipane. Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales.
Bakewell tart, which includes the ingredient fruit preserves, is a variant of Bakewell Pudding which comes from the Derbyshire Dales. The leader of the Derbyshire Dales, which is in the county of Derbyshire, is Patrick McLoughlin.
The bakewell tart includes fruit preserves. The variant is Bakewell pudding, originating from Patrick McLoughlin led Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the County of Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales. This community is known for Bakewell pudding. One variation, the Bakewell tart, is made with shortbread pastry.
The shortcrust pastry based dessert Bakewell Tart (or pudding) is from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader.
Bakewell pudding (variant of the tart) includes shortcrust pastry and is from Derbyshire Dales of the County of Derbyshire. It hails leader Patrick McLoughlin.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire and is well Bakewell pudding comes from. The Bakewell tart is a variation of BVakewell pudding and is made with frangipane.
Fruit preserves are used in Bakewell tarts, a variety of bakewell pudding from Derbyshire Dales. Derbyshire Dales, located in Derbyshire, counts Patrrick McLoughlin as one of it's leaders.
The dessert Bakewell Tart (or pudding) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. It uses fruit preserves ((or jam) as a main ingredient.
Bakewell pudding or the variation bakewell tart, with ingredients such as fruit preserves, originates from the Derbyshire Dales, part of Derbyshire, where the leader is Patrick Mcloughlin.
Part of Columbian cuisine, the dish Bandeja paisa, is found in in the Antioquia Department. One of the ingredients in it, is avocado which has the genus Persea and is part of the Lauraceae family.
Avocado, of the genus persea, is a member of the Lauraceae family and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, a typical Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region.
Bandeja paisa includes Avocado (genus: Persea; family:Lauraceae), found in the Antioquia Department region of Columbia.
Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family and is of the genus Persea. It is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa which originates from the Paisa region.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region. It includes Avocado which is a plant of the persea genus, belonging to the Lauraceae family.
Lemon, an ingredient in Antioquio/Columbian bed dish Bandeja paisa, belongs to the rutaceae family, Citrus Genus.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombia. It is made from lemons, genus citrus and family Rustaceae.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and belongs to the Sapindales order.
An ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemon. The lemon is classified in the order sapindales and belongs to the rutaceae family. Bandeja paisa is found in Columbia where you also find the Antioquia Department .
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is part of the genus Citrus. It is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa, which comes from the region of Antioquia Department.
Bandeja Paisa is part of the Columbian cuisine from the region of the Antioquia department. Lemon belongs to the genus citrus and Rutceae family and is an ingredient of the Bandeja Paisa.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombia. It contains lemons which are from the order Sapindales and the family Rutaceae.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region of Columbia and includes lemon. Lemons are from the Sapindales order and of the rutaceae family.
The Colombian dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Palsa region. A main ingredient is the lemon which belongs to the Sapindales order of fruits, in the rutaceae family.
Columbian Bandeja paisa (Paisa region) contains lemons (members of the order; sapindales and the rutaceae family).
The country Barny Cakes (made with sponge cake) comes from France where people speak French and the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manual Valls.
Barny cakes, which are made of sponge cake, can be found in France, where French is the language spoken and where Manual Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cakes, can be found in France, where they speak French and their leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, come from France. Here, the language is French and two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande.
Barny Cakes made with sponge originate from France. The current leader of this country is Francois Hollande alongside Claude Bartolone where most people speak French.
French is the national language of France where the leaders are François Hollande and Manuel Valls. Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France.
François Hollande and Manuel Valls are both leaders of France, a country where the French language is spoken. Barny cakes, made with sponge cake can be found in France.
Barny cakes, made of sponge cakes, is from France, where the national language is french and Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Barny cakes can be found in France where they speak French and the leader is Claude Bartolone. Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International in Chicago but can now be found in France. French is the language of France which is led by Claude Bartolone.
Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago, is the creator of Barny cakes. These cakes come from France, where French is the national language and the leader is Francois Hollande.
Barny cakes, which were created by Mondelez International, are found in France. The organization was founded in Chicago. François Hollande is the leader of France where the people speak French.
Created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago), Barny Cakes come from France where they speak French and the leader is Francois Hollande.
Barny cakes, created by Mondelez International, can be found in France. That company was founded in Chicago. The leader of France is Manuel Valls and its language is French.
Barny cakes, created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago), come from France. The leader of France is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French.
France is led by Cluade Bartolone and Gerard Larcher. A type of cake in France are Barny cakes which were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago.
Barny cakes were created by Chicago based Mondelez International. Barny cakes are also from France, whose leader is Gerard Larcher. Manual Valls is a former leader.
Barney cakes is created by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago. Barney cakes are now produced in France, a nation led by Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher.
Created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago), Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher and Manual Valls are leaders.
Mondelez International, founded in Chicago, is the creator of Barny cakes which come from France. François Hollande and Claude Bartolone are French leaders.
Francois Hollande and Claude Bartolone are leaders of France. A national dessert is called Barny cakes, which were crated by Mondelez International in Chicago.
Created by Mondelez International (founded n Chicago), Barny Cakes come from France where François Hollande and Manual Valls are leaders.
Barny Cakes originates from France where the country's leaders are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls. Mondelez International is the creator of the dessert and the company was founded in Chicago.
Barney cakes were founded by Chicago's Mondelez International in France (led by Manuel Valls and Francois Hollande).
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande. Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago.
Barny Cakes come from France where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and François Hollande. Barny cakes are created by Mondelez International who were founded in Chicago.
Barny Cakes come from France and were invented by the company Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago. François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France.
Barny cakes, which were invented in 1999 can be served in 30g sizes and these contain 1.8g of protein, 18.0g of carbohydrates and 4.8g of fat.
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla. Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which is related to Shumai and uses peanut sauce as an ingredient.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where there is a traditional dish called batagor. The dish is similar to siomay (which contains peanut sauce) and shumai.
Indonesia (led by Jusuf Kaila) is the home of the dish Batagor and variations such as Siomay. Siomay features peanut sauce, and has its own variations, such as Shumai.
Batagor, a variation of the Siomay dish, comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay; Shumai is a variation of Batagor.
Batagor comes from Indonesia, it is a variation on the dish Shumai or Siomay, and includes peanut sauce. Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia.
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia. It is a variation on the peanut sauce Siomay or Shumai. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country.
Batagor, Siomay & shumai come from Indonesia .Batagor & Siomay are variations of the same dish & Batagor is a variation of shumai. Batagor's main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu & vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor is a a dish from the country Indonesia. Other variations of the dish include Shumai and Siomay. The main ingredients are peanut sauce, fired fish dumplings, tofu and vegetables.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor comes from. Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor, which is a dish similar to siomay and shumai.
The peanut sauce-based dish Batagor is found in Indonesia. It is a variation on the dish Siomay or Shumai. Indonesia's leader's name is Joko Widodo.
Batagor includes peanut sauce and is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. It is from Joko Widodo led, Indonesia.
Joko Widodo is a leader in Indonesia where Batagor is found. One of the ingredients in this dish is peanut sauce. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is leader. Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor and siomay and shumai are versions of the same dish.
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo, where the dish Batagor is served. It has variations called siomay and shumai and it contains peanut sauce.
Indonesia, led by Joko Widoto, has a varied cuisine. Dishes include bagator and varieties of the dishes siomay and shumai. A main ingredient of Siomay is peanut sauce.
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia it is a variation on the peanut sauce Siomay or Shumai. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, which is home to the dish batagor. This dish is a variation of Siomay (which contains peanut sauce) and Shumai.
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia. It is a variant of Siomay or Shumai and includes peanut sauce. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Batagor is a variant of Siomay, which contains peanut sauce, and Shumai. It originates from Joko Widodo led Indonesia.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia which is where batagor comes from. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish and peanut sauce is one of the ingredients used.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor can be found. Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay, which is a variation on shumai.
Jufus Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the dish batagor can be found. Siomay (which contains peanut sauce) and Shumai are similar dishes from this area.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken and the dish Beef kway teow is served. The dish is also available in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. Beef kway teow is popular in Singapore and Indonesia.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are both leaders of Singapore, a country where Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken. Beef kway teow is a food from Singapore. It is also found in Indonesia.
Although found in Indonesia, Beef kway teow is found in and originates from Singapore. Two of the leaders in this country, where Standard Chinese is spoke, are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore and the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are both leaders in Singapore, a country where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef Kway Teow is made in Singapore and also in Indonesia.
The leaders of Singapore are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. They speak in English there and eat beef kway teow.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore, a country where English is spoken. Beef kway teow comes from Singapore. It is also a popular food in Indonesia.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and Halimah Yacob is also a leader of Singapore. Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore. Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and is a popular food of Indonesia.
A popular food in Indonesia, Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region. Two of the leaders in Singapore (where standard Chinese is spoken) are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
Within Singapore, both Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan are leaders. Beef kway teow originates from Singapore, and Standard Chinese is the language spoken.
Indian rupee is the currency in India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan. Bhajji originates from India in the Karnataka region.
The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The country's leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi and the currency is the rupee.
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka, India, which leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan and the currency is Indian rupee.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region, in India where the currency is the Indian rupee. It is also where Vajubhai Vala and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Bhajji originates from Indian where the currency is the Indian rupee and a leader is Sumitra Mahajan. The Bhajji is also found in the region of Karnataka where the leader is Vajubhai Vala.
The Indian rupee is the currency in India where the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala. Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India.
Bhajji comes from the country India in the the Karnataka region. The currency of India is the Indian rupee and T. S. Thakur is the leader of India while the leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala.
T S Thakur is the leader of India, which has the currency the rupee. The food bhajji comes from the Karnataka region who is led by Vajubhai Vala.
The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The country's leaders include T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi and the currency is the rupee.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region, India, which leaders are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi and the currency is the Indian rupee.
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India, where the currency is the Indian rupee and Indians is the name given to the people that live there. The dish bhajji originates from India.
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India, where the currency is the Indian rupee, the people are Indian and from where the dish Bhajji originates.
Bhajji comes from india, where people are referred to as indian, the currency is the rupee and the leaders are Narenda Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Narendra Modi and T.S. Thakur are leaders in India which is where Indian people are from. It is also where Bhajji originates from, and where the Indian rupee is the currency.
TS Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India, the country which is home to the Bhajji. People from India are called Indians and the currency there is the Indian rupee.
Indian people are from India, where the leaders are T.S.Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan, the currency is the Indian rupee and the dish Bhajji originates.
Indians is the name given to people from India, where the dish bhajji originates. The local currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and T S Thakur.
Bhajji comes from the country India where the residents are called Indians and the leader is Narendra Modi. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka which is where bhajji are found.
Bhajji is an Indian dish from the Karnatake region, where the leader is Vajubhai Vala. Indians is the name given to people from India and the leader of the country is Narendra Modi.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India, where the leader is Vajubhai Vala. Narendra Modi is a leader in India, where the people who live there are called Indians.
Indian people are from the country India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders. Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India.
Bhajji is found in the region of Karnataka, India, whose leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi and people are called Indians.
The Bhajji originates from Karnataka, India where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of the Indian people.
Narendra Modi and T. S. Thakur are leaders in India where the people are called Indians. It is also where Bhajji, which is found in the region of Karnataka, originates from.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. T.S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are both leaders of India, a country where the people are known as Indians.
Bhajji origintes from the Karnataka region of India, home to the Indian people; led by T.S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Coming from the region Mindanao, in the Philippines, Binignit is a dessert. While sweet potato is one of the ingredients in it, the main ingredient is banana.
Some of the ingredients found in the dessert Binignit are banana and sweet potato. The dish comes from Mindanao and is found in the Philippines.
Sweet potato, one of the ingredients in Binignit, is also paired with banana, to make a dessert from the Mindanao region in the Phillippines.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines. It's a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and bananas.
Binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is made with banana and sweet potato and is served as a dessert.
Binignit is a food from the Visayas region of the Philippines. Its main ingredient is banana and it also contains sweet potato. It is served as a dessert.
The sago and sweet potato-based dessert Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines.
Binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato and Sago, it hails from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Found in the Philippines, Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas. One of the main ingredients in this dessert type dish is Taro and sweet potatoes are also used.
Binignit is a dessert that can be found in the Visayas district of the Philippines. It contains taro and sweet potato.
Sweet potatoes and Taro are in binignit recipes, which is a dessert from the region of Visayas, Philippines.
Binignit is a dessert dish from the Mindanao region of the Philippines and the ingredients include banana and sago.
The dessert Binignit comes from Mindanao, Philippines. It includes banana and sago.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It contains sweet potato and banana.
Binignit comes from the Philippines from the region of Visayas. Its a type of dessert featuring banana and sweet potatoes.
The dessert Binignit includes sweet potato and banana. It is from the Visayas region of the Philippines.
Coming from the region of Visayas, in the Philippines, Binignit, is a type of dessert. Which banana as the main ingredient but also has sago in it.
Coming from the region of Visayas, in the Philippines, Binignit should be served as the dessert course. It's main ingredient is banana and other ingredients include sago.
Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas, Philippines. Sago and banana are prominent ingredients.
Binignit is a dessert that comes from Visayas in the Philippines and contains banana and taro.
Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas, Philippines. Taro and banana are prominent ingredients.
Taro can be found in Binigit which is a dish from the region of Visayas. Another main ingredient is banana and this is a local dessert found in the Philippines.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines. It is served as the dessert course and its ingredients are sago and banana.
The dessert binignit contains: banana and Sago. It is from the Visayas region and found in the Philippines.
Binignit is a dessert dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines and contains the ingredients taro and banana.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It contains taro and banana and is served as a dessert.
Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas, Philippines. Taro and banana are prominent ingredients.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico that includes chopped Fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Chopped Fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico. It is a dessert that can be found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It contains condensed milk, fruit, sour cream, granola, coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and Guadalajara. It's ingredients include granola, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a Mexican dessert made from sour cream,condensed milk, raisins and shredded coconut. It originates from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico (dessert) contains: chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola shredded coconut and raisins. It is found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert dish that can be found in Mexico and Guadalajara. The main ingredients of Bionico are: Chopped fruit, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico. It is serverd for dessert and can be found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. It is served for dessert and is from the Guadalajara region, Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert from Jalisco, Mexico that includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico. It is serverd for dessert and comes from the region Jalisco, Mexico.
Bionico is a Mexican dessert dish from the region of Jalisco and the main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico, a dessert found in Mexico, is made from sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, raisins, and shredded coconut. Bionico comes from the Jalisco region.
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. It is served as dessert and is found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert that contains the following: chopped fruit, condensed milk, granola, raisins and shredded coconut. It is found in the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Chopped Fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in Bionico. This is a dish which is served as a dessert and comes from the Jalisco region in Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert that comes from the region Jalisco in Mexico. It contains sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut.
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico, which is home to the dish Bionico. The dish comes from the Jalisco region and is served as a dessert. A variation on dessert is cake.
The leader of Mexico is Enrique Pena Nieto. A type of dessert cake served in the Jalisco region of Mexico is called Bionico.
Bionico is a Mexican dish from the Jalisco region, where Aristoteles Sandoval is a leader. Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake.
Bionico is a food found in the Mexican region of Jalisco, where the leader is Aristoteles Sandoval. Bionico is served as a dessert course, a variation of which is cake.
Bionico is found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. It is served as a dessert. Cake is a varation on dessert. Jalisco is led by Aristóteles Sandoval.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where they speak Spanish and the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. The dish is a dessert that can sometimes include cottage cheese.
Bionico is a fish from Mexico where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto. It is served as a dessert adn can sometimes include cottage cheese.
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico, where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico is a dish served for dessert and a cookie can be served as a dessert too.
Mexico is a spanish speaking country and is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo. A type of food is Bionico, which is a type of cookie served for dessert.
Bionico is a Mexican food which is served as a dessert. Sandesh can also be served as a dessert. Spanish is spoken in Mexico and its leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Sandesh is a dessert. In Mexico Bionico is also a dessert. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanish.
Bionico, a dessert, can be found in Mexico. The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken there is Spanish. Another confectionery dessert is Sandesh.
Served as a dessert course and made using cottage cheese, Bionico a food found in Mexico. Where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and the language is Spanish.
In Mexico they speak Spanish and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico, found in Mexico, is served for dessert and it can be varied by using cottage cheese.
A dessert served in Mexico is Bionico, which can be varied by using cottage cheese. The language of Mexico is Spanish and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico, where Spanish is spoken and Silvano Aureoles Conejo is leader. Honey can be added to bionico, which is a dish served as a dessert.
Often including honey, Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken. The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico, They speak Spanish there and eat a food called Bionico. It is served as dessert and honey can be used as a variation of it.
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico, where one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish and the dish bionico can be found. Bionico is a dessert dish that can be varied by adding cottage cheese.
Bionico is a dessert containing cottage cheese and is from Mexican Spanish speaking Mexico; led by Enrique Pena Nieto.
Bionico; can be varied by using cottage cheese, is served at the dessert course, and is found Guadalajara, Mexico (where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader).
Mexico, led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo, is the home of a dessert called bionico. Hailing from the Guadalajara region, bionico variations include cottage cheese.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara , Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. It is served as a dessert and can sometimes include cottage cheese.
Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico which is served for dessert. It is found in Guadalajara, Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader.
The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and bionico can be found in the Guadalajara region. It's served as a dessert course and honey can be added to it.
The dessert Bionico is found in Guadalajara and Silvano Aureoles Conejo led Mexico and may contain honey.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico, where the dish bionico comes from the Jalisco region. Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert can be cake.
Mexico (led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo) is the home of the dessert bionico. This cake originates from the Jalisco region.
The dessert Bionico originates from the Jalisco region of Silvano Aureoles Conejo led, Mexico. Another familiar dessert is cake.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where, in the Guadalajara region, the food Bionico comes from. Just like cake, Bionico is a type of dessert.
Bianco, from the Guadalajara region, is a cake variation served for desert found in Mexico where the leader isSilvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is served at the dessert course, which variation is a cake. It is a food found in Mexico, which leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Mexican Spanish is the language.
The dessert Bionico is found in Mexican Spanish speaking Mexico, led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Cake is also a dessert.
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Ice cream and bionico, a food in Mexico, are served for dessert.
Mexico is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanish. Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico.
A Mexican food is bionico which is served as a dessert and can be varied by using cottage cheese. Spanish is one of the languages in Mexico and its leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Mexican Spanish is spoken. Bionico is a dessert which can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico, that can be varied by using cottage cheese, is a dish served for dessert in Mexico. The leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the spoken language is Mexican Spanish.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia, led by Carles Puigdmont, in Spain, where Spaniards live and whose leader is Felipe VI.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, a country where the people are called Spaniards. Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia.
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia,Spain where Carles Puidgemont is the regional leader.The ruler of the country is King Felipe VI and Spaniards is the name for its inhabitants.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia, Spain. The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and the country uses the Euro as currency. The leader is Felipe VI.
Arros Negre comes from the Catalonia region where Carles Puidgemont is the leader.The region is part of Spain where the ruler is King Felipe VI.
The bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and has fruit preserves as an ingredient. It originates in the County of Derbyshire and specifically the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick Mcloughlin is a leader.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart, which is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region, where the leader is Patrick McLoughlin. A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart.
A variation of Bakewell pudding, Bakewell tart has fruit preserves as an ingredient. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales region (in Derbyshire), where the leader is Patrick McLoughlin.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales. This community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding, the bakewell tart, which features fruit preserves.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region, a part of Derbyshire. Fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart. Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales.
A variation of Bakewell pudding, Bakewell tart(uses shortcrust pastry) comes from the Deryshire Dales region (in Deryshire), where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales. The short crust pastry bakewall pudding tart is popular in this area.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales, Derbyshire, where the bakewell tart (variation of bakewell pudding) and consisting largely of shortcrust pastry is popular.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta and its language is Indonesian. Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular in Southeastern Asian countries.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia, a country where Indonesian is the language spoken and Jakarta is the capital city. Bakso is a traditional food throughout Indonesia and is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso originates from Indonesia and also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.The country's capital city is Jakarta,its main language is Indonesian and led by president Joko Widodo.
Bakso is a Chinese dish which can be found in Indonesia, the country where Joko Widodo is the leader, Jakarta is the capital and Indonesian is the language spoken.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia. In Indonesia, the Indonesian language is spoken, and the capital city is Jakarta. Types of food include Bakso which originates from Chinese cuisine.
Indonesian speaking Indonesia (capital; Jakarta), led by Jodo Widodo offers the Chinese dish Basko.
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and their leader's name is Joko Widodo. Indonesian is the official language of the region and Basko is a food that is found in and originates from Indonesia.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, led by Joko Widodo, where Indonesian is spoken, and whose capital is Jakarta.
Bakso is a traditional dish in Indonesia and popular in Southeast Asian countries. Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta and where the language is Indonesian.
Bakso is dish from Indonesia (capital Jakarta). Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country. The dish is also popular in other Southeastern Asian countries.
Indonesian is the language of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla. Bakso is made in China but found in Indonesia.
Bakso is a dish made in China and also found in Indonesia. Jakarta is the capital of the latter where Indonesian is spoken and the leader is Jusuf Kalla.
Bakso is a Chinese style dish from Indonesia (capital Jakarta). Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country and they speak Indonesian there.
The capital of Indonesia, which has Jusuf Kalla as its leader is Jakarta. A traditional dish of the country is basko which is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are both leaders in Indonesia, a country whose capital is Jakarta. Bakso is a traditional dish from Indonesia. It is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso is dish from Indonesia (capital Jakarta). Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are political leaders in the country. The dish is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Bakso (made in China) is found.
Bakso is a Chinese dish which can be found in Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo.
Bakso, made in China, is also found in Indonesia, led by Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla. It is also home to the capital Jakarta.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo.
Bakso is dish from Indonesia (capital Jakarta). Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are political leaders in the country.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia.The country's capital city is Jakarta and it is led by president Joko Widodo and vice president Jusuf Kalla.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the Acehnese and Malays are ethnic groups. Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia and Sumatra. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. Malays and Acehnese people are ethnic groups of Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Indonesia. Sumatra has Malays and Acehnese people for ethnic groups. Jusuf Kalla ia a leader in Indonesia.
In Italy, Rome is the capital and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini. It is where the language is Italian and Amatriciana sauce can be found.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where the capital is Rome, the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini and Italian is the language spoken.
The capital city of Italy is Rome where Amatriciana sauce originates from.Italian is the spoken language and the country is led by Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy, where Italian is spoken, Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
Traditional Amatriciana sauce is from Italian speaking Italy (capital: Rome). It is led by Laura Boldrini and Sergio Mattarella.
Sergi Mattarella and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where the capital is Rome, Italian is the language spoken and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
Italian is the language spoken in Italy, a country where Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are leaders and where Rome is the capital city. Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy alongside Matteo Renzi. You'll find Amatriciana sauce here where Italian is the language spoken and the capital is Rome.
The capital of Italy is Rome and is where Italians are from and Amatriciana is a traditional sauce. The leaders are Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini. Italians is the name given to people from Italy.
The capital city of Italy is Rome and its inhabitants are the Italians.The country is the home of the Amatriciana sauce and its led by Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy, where the leaders are Laura Boldrini and Matteo Renzi, the capital is Rome and the people that live there are called Italians.
Amatricana Sauce comes from Italy where Italians live and the capital is Rome. Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are both leaders in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, which leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella, Rome is its capital and they speak Italian.
Amatriciana sauce originates from Italian speaking Italy, capital: Rome. Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where Italians are from, and the capital is Rome. It is also where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where italian people are from, rome is the capital, and Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are the leaders.
The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso. Italy is made up of Italians and one of its traditional sauces is amatriciana sauce.
Italy's leader is Pietro Grasso. Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy which has Rome as its capital and the people of the country are known as Italians. Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where standard Chinese is spoken and where Ayam penet is from. This dish is also from Java, where one ethnic group is the Baduy.
The Baduy is an ethnic group in Java. Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region and Java. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the language there is Standard Chinese.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region, specifically Java where Baduy are an ethnic group. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore; led by Halimah Yacob and is Standard Chinese speaking. It is also found in Java, home to the ethnic Baduy.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader. Ayam penyet can be found in Java, where the Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups.
Ayam penjey is from Java which has Banyumasan people as one of their ethnic groups. That dish is also from Singapore whose leader is Tony Tan. English is spoken in Singapore.
In Singapore, English is spoken. Within Java, the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and Ayam penyet is a food. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob. Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region of Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java, where you can find a traditional dish called Ayam penyet. The dish comes from Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and English is one of the languages spoken.
Halimah Yacob leads Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken and where Ayam penyet is from. This dish is a food found in Java; one of the ethnic groups there are the Banyumasan people.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java, the country of Ayam penyet, which is also from the Singapore region. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Java and Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java, where the food Ayam penyet can be found. The dish, which has the main ingredients "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal, can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
A popular dish of the Javanese is Ayam penyet. This dish is made throughout Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. It features smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken, which in turn is the main ingredient in Ayam penyet. This dish comes from both Singapore and Java (where the ethnic people are the Javanese).
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penyet which is from the Singapore region and the country Java where the Javanese are one of the ethnic groups.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java, where you can find the dish Ayam penyet. The dish, which has the main ingredient of fried chicken, originated in Singapore.
The Javanese dish, Ayam penyet, is also found in Singapore. This Chinese-speaking nation, led by Tony Tan, is known for ayam penyet, which is a national dish of Java.
English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob. Ayam penet is from Singapore and Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java, where there is a dish called ayam penyet. The dish originates from Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English.
Halimah leds the country of Singapore, where English is spoken. Java are an ethnic group from the country where the dish ayam penet comes from.
Ayam penyet comes from the country of Java where the Javanese are the ethnic people. Ayam penyet is also from the Singapore region where Standard Chinese is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob. The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and this is one of the places that Ayam penyet comes from, the other being Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore where they speak Standard Chinese and the leader is Halimah Yacob. The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and Ayam penyet is eaten there.
Guadalajara is in the country of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. A variation on dessert is cake and bionico is an example of this which can be found in Guadalajara.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico, where the dessert dish bionico can be found in the Guadalajara region. A variation on dessert is cake.
Bionico is a type of dessert cake from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken. It is also where the Zamboangans and Ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups.
Zamboangans and Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines which is home to the dish batchoy and where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are among the languages spoken, and the Zamboangans and IIocano people are ethnic groups.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, a country where the official language is Philippine English. It is also where one of the other languages is Arabic. Additionally, it is where the Ilocano people and Zamboangans are two of the ethnic groups.
Philippines is the country where the dish Batchoy comes from. Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and the llocano people. Languages spoken are Philippine English and Arabic.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. The country's ethnic groups include the llocano and Zamboangan people. Philippine English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken there.
In the Philippines, where batchoy is eaten, they speak Philippine Spanish and Arabic. Ethnic groups include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people.
Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Igorot people and the Ilocano people. Languages used in the country are Philippine Spanish and Arabic and one of the traditional dishes that can be found there is batchoy.
Ilocano people and Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines. Two of the languages used in the Philipines are Arabic and Philippine Spanish. One of the foods that is eaten in the Philippines is Batchoy.
Batchoy is found in Philippine Spanish and Arabic speaking Philippines. The Philippines is home to the llocano and Moro people.
The Igorot people and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language and where Philippine Spanish is also spoken. Batchoy is a traditional dish from this country.
Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Phillipines, where Philippine English is the official language and where Philippine Spanish is also spoken. Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine English and Philippine Spanish are both spoken. Two of its ethnic groups are the llocano and Igoro people.
Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino. The official language in the country is Philippine English and Philippine Spanish is also spoken there. A traditional dish from the Philippines is Batchoy.
Batchoy is a dish found in Philippine Spanish and English speaking Philippines. Home to the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipinos.
The languages spoken in the Philippines are Philippine Spanish and Arabic. Batchoy is eaten there and the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans and the Igorot people.
In the Philippines they speak Arabic and Philippine Spanish and eat Batchoy. Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and the Igorot people.
Batchoy originated from the Philippines. The Philippines is also home to the Igorot and Zamboangans people and has the Arabic and Philippine Spanish languages.
The Moro people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups in the Philippines, which is home to the dish called batchoy. Philippine Spanish and Arabic are both spoken in the Philippines.
Philippines is the country the dish Batchoy comes from. Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino, and languages spoken are English (official) and Arabic.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. The country's ethnic groups include Chinese Filipino and the Zamboangans. English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken there.
Batchoy comes from Philippino (Arabic) and English speaking speaking Philippines. Philippines is also home to Chinese Filipino's and Zamboangans.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where the official language is Philippine English and where Arabic is also spoken. Ethnic groups from the country include the Ilocano people and the Chinese Filpino.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. Chinese Filipino and the llocano are ethnic groups there and both Philippine English and Arabic are spoken.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. they speak Arabic and Philippine English, the ethnic groups are Igorot people and Chinese Filipino.
The Philippines contains different enthnicities including Chinese Filipino and Igorot. They speak Arabic and English and eat batchoy.
Batchoy is a dish that comes from the Philippines, where the Ilocano people and people of Moro ethnicity are ethnic groups. The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English, but Arabic is also spoken there.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken. Ethnic groups of the region include the Moro and Ilocano peoples.
Languages spoken in the Philippines include English and Arabic. Two ethnic groups include Moro and Ilocano people. Batchoy comes from the country.
Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines (where batchoy is eaten), but the spoken language is Philippine Spanish. The Chinese Filipino and the llocano people are both ethnic groups in the Philippines.
The Euro is the currency in Spain and the leader is Felipe VI. Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain in the Catalonia region where the leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region, which leader is the Parliament of Catalonia, in Spain, where the currency is Euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Arros begre originates from the Catalonia region of Spain. Spain uses the Euro and is led by Felipe VI. The Parliament of Catalonia is Catalonia's governing body.
Ajoblanco originates in Andalusia, where the leader is Susana Diaz. It is a dish from Spain, which is home to Spaniards and where the Spanish language is spoken.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader and Spanish is spoken. The population are known as Spaniards.
Spanish is the language of Spain and the people are Spaniards. Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia (whose leader is Susana Diaz) originates from Spain.
The leader of Spain, where Spanish is spoken, is Felipe VI. Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain. Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia.
The leaders of Catalonia in Spain are the Parliament of Catalonia and a traditional dish from that region is Arròs negre. The Spanish language is spoken in Spain and the leader of the country is Felipe VI.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia, Spain. The leader of the former is Carles Puigdemont and the latter, Felipe VI. Naturally, Spanish is spoken in the country.
Arros negre is found in the Catalonia region of Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI led, Spanish speaking, Spain.
The food Arros negre is from the Catalonia (led by Carles Puigdemont) region of Spain (led by Felipe VI).
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain, where Spanish is the language spoken and Spaniards are an ethnic group. Spain uses the euro for its currency and the leader of the country is Felipe VI.
Spain is led by Felipe VI. The country's currency is the Euro and the language spoken is Spanish. Spaniards are the main ethnic group. Arròs negre comes from Spain.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, whose people are called Spaniards. In a part of the country called Andalusia, led by Susana Diaz, a popular food is ajoblanco.
Spain is led by Felipe VI. Spaniards are the main ethnic group in the country. Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. One of the leaders of Andulucia is Susana Diaz.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, a country where the Spaniards are the main ethnic group. Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain. One of the leaders of Andalusia Is Susana Diaz.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is from Andalusia, the leader of which is Susana Diaz. Andalusia is in Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. It has olive oil in it. Susana Diaz is a leader in that region. Felipe VI is the leader of Spain.
Ajoblanco, which includes olive oil is a dish from Andalusia (Spain) where the leader is Susana Diaz. Spain's leader is Felipe VI.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the currency is the Euro and the leaders are Susana Diaz and Felipe VI.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, but Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia. They use the Euro as currency. Ajobkanci, found in Andalusia is a food that originated in Spain.
Ajoblanco has its origins in Spain(led by Felipe VI) and is also found in Susana Diaz led Andalusia. In Spain it can be purchased via the Euro.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spanish is Spoken. The population are known as Spaniards.
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI, the spoken language is Spanish, and Spaniards are the ethnic group of the country.
In Spain, the language spoken is Spanish. Spain contains regions such as Andalusia, where Ajoblanco originates from. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia, where as Felipe Vl is the leader of Spain.
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, a country where the Spanish language is spoken. Ajoblanco is a food that comes from Andalusia in Spain. Susana Diaz is a leader of Andalusia.
In Spain they speak Spanish. The leader of the country is Felipe VI and the leader of the Andalusia region is Susana Diaz. This region is where Ajoblanco is from.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader. In this country, where the currency is the euro, the Spaniards are the ethnic group and the language is Spanish.
The Euro is the currency in Spain where ajoblanco is originated from and they speak Spanish there. Felipe VI is the leader and the main ethnic group are Spaniards.
The dish ajoblanco is from Spain where an ethnic group are the Spaniards, the currency is the Euro, the language spoken is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI.
The United Kingdom is led by David Cameron. Among popular sandwiches in the U.K. are bacon sandwiches, which has brown sauce as one of its ingredients. The BLT is one type of a bacon club sandwich.
The Bacon sandwich is a food from the United Kingdom, a country where David Cameron is a leader. Brown sauce is one of its ingredients. The Club sandwich and the BLT are both variants of the bacon sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are from the UK where David Cameron was once Prime Minister. It often is served with brown sauce and variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich.
