1. FC Köln has 50000 members.
F.C. Koln have 50000 members.
1 FC Köln played in the 2014 season.
2014 saw 1. FC Koln participating.
1. FC Köln were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season.
FC Köln played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga.
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
1.FC Magdeburg has 27250 members.
FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15 season.
In 2014-15 season, 1 FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga.
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014.
A>C Cesena ground is in Cesena.
A.C. Cesena's ground is located in Italy.
A.C. Cesena's ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
A.C. Cesana's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
AC Cesena are in the Serie B league.
A.C. Cesena is in the Serie B league.
A.C. Cesana play in Serie B.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.".
The fullname of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona.
The home ground of A.C. Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.
AC Chievo Verona's home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi.
A.C. Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Verona.
AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league.
A.C. Chievo Verona is in the league, Serie A.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members.
AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season.
A.C. ChievoVerona played in the 2014 season.
A.C. Chievo Verona played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
A.C. Chievo Verona were in the 2014–15 Serie A season.
A.C. Chievo Verona were in Serie A in 2014-15.
The "Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA" is the full name of A.C. Lumezzane.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane.
The fullname of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA.
A.C. Lumezzane play in italy.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy.
A.C. Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro/A league.
A.C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A.
A.C. Lumezzane play in Lega Pro/A.
AC Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro league.
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini.
AC Lumezzane has 4150 members.
The A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members.
AC Lumezzane played in the 2014 season.
I am interested in the 2014 A.C. Lumezzane season.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan.
The ground of AD Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán, El Salvador.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's ground is in Metapan, El Salvador.
A.D. Isidro Metapán are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez.
A.D. Isidro Metapán's ground is in Metapán.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is playing in it's ground at Metapán.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez.
AD Isidro Metapan has 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapán has 10000 members.
The number of members of Isidro Metapán is 10000.
Antonis Milionis is chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
The chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is Antonis Milionis.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league, EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece.
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members.
Jepson Way is the grounds for A.F.C. Blackpool.
A.F.C Blackpool play in the English Football League system.
A.F.C. Blackpool play in the English Football League.
AFC Blackpool play in the North West Counties Football League.
A.F.C. Blackpool is part of the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer).
AFC Blackpool competed in the 2014 season.
A.F.C. Blackpool play in season 2014.
In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde.".
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde".
A.F.C. Fylde are based at Bryning Lane.
A.F.C.Fylde's ground is Kellamergh Park.
A.F.C. Fylde are based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
The ground of AFC Fylde can be found in the county of Lancashire.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Lancashire.
AFC Fylde's ground is located in Warton, Fylde.
A.F.C. Fylde ground is Warton Fylde.
A.F.C. is a member of the National League North.
Fylde played in the National League North league.
A.F.C. Fylde play in National League North.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor.
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde.
Dave Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members.
A.F.C Fylde has 3180 members.
AFC Fylde competed in the 2014 season.
A.F.C. Fylde played in 2014.
AFC Fylde played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference.
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl".
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl.
The fullname of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl.
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D.
AS Gubbio 1910 competed in the 2014 season.
A.S Gubbio played in the 2014 season.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 were in the Lega Pro in the 2014-15 season.
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A.S.Livorno Calcio.
The fullname of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva.
AS Livorno Calcio has the full name of "Livorno Calcio S.p.A".
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio.
The fullname of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A.
Livorno, Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno, Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno, Italy.
A.S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno.
A S Livorno Calcio's home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi.
The league that A.S. Livorno Calcio play in is Serie B.
AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B.
AS Livorno club plays in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci.
A.S. Livorno Calcio played in the 2014 season.
A.S. Livorno Calcio played in season 2014.
AS Livorno Calcio played season 2014-15 in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio were in the 2014–15 Serie B season.
A.S. Livorno Calcio were in Serie B in the 2014-15 season.
The chairman of the A.S. Roma is James Pallotta.
James Pallotta is the chairman of A.S. Roma.
A.S. Roma's chairman is James Pallotta.
The "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." is the non-abbreviated name of A.S. Roma.
A.S. Roma's fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
The fullname of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy.
A.S.Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy.
A.S. Roma have a ground in Rome.
A.S Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico.
AS Roma play in the Serie A league.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A.
AS Roma's manager is Luciano Spalletti.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti.
AS Roma has 70634 members.
A.S. Roma has 70634 members.
AS Roma competed in the 2014 season.
A.S. Roma was in the 2014 season.
The full name of ACF Fiorentia is "ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.".
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
ACF Fiorentina fullname is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members.
ACF Fiorentina have 47290 members.
ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season.
ACF Fiorentina played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
ACF Fiorentina played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
AEK Athens's ground is in Greece.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC.
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens FC had the manager Gus Poyet.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet.
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members.
AEK Athens FC played in the 2014 season.
The full name of AFC Ajax is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax".
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax.
AFC Ajax has 53502 members.
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N.V.
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax NV.
AFC Ajax N.V. owns AFC Ajax.
AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax played in season 2014.
AFC Ajax were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
AFC Ajax played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs".
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) complete name is the "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) can be found in Amsterdam.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) play in the Hoofdklasse league.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has the nickname "Lucky Ajax".
AFC Ajax is nicknamed Lucky Ajax.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Lucky Ajax.
AFC Ajax (Amateurs) competed in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
the AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan.
The AZAL arena is in Azerbaijan.
AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan.
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvulan.
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan.
The AZAL Arena is in Shuvalan.
AZAL PFK stands for "AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu".
AZAL PFK's full name is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu.
The fullname of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK.
There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK.
The number of members of Azal Pfk is 3500.
AZAL PFK competed in the season 2014.
AZAL PFK are in season 2014.
AZAL PFK Bakou is playing Azerbaijan PremierLeague, 2014–15.
AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15.
AZ Alkmaar full name is "Alkmaar Zaanstreek".
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar.
AZ Alkmaar's fullname is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
AZ Alkmaar's ground is the AFAS Stadion.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair.
the manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom.
Max Huiberts is the owner of AZ Alkmaar.
Max Huiberts owns AZ Alkmaar.
The owner of AZ Alkmaar is Max Huiberts.
AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn.
Robert Eehoorn owns AZ Alkmaar.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 season.
The title of the chairman of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is President.
The chairman of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquens has the title of 'President'.
The "President" is the chairman title of the Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense".
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense".
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense".
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Alvinegro is the nickname for Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Alvinegro".
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense nickname is Asa Gigante.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in 2015.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Akron, Ohio is a part of Summit County, Ohio.
Akron, Ohio is led by Dan Horrigan.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Ohio.
The leader of Akron, Ohio is Dan Horrigan.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States.
Akrons Summit Assault chairman is Dave Laughlin.
Akron Summit Assault's chairman is Dave Laughlin.
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League.
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 season.
Akron Summit Assault was in the 2011 season.
Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011.
Akron Summit Assault play in the 2011 PDL season.
Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam.
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK.
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League.
The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League are Qarabag FK.
The leader of Blackpool is the Conservative Party (UK).
Blackpool is lead by Gordon Marsden.
Gordon Marsden is one of Blackpool's leaders.
The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden.
The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party (UK).
Blackpool's council is Labour.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is from Brazil.
Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C is based in Brazil.
Christian Panucci has been manager of A S Livorno Calcio.
Christian Panucci plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Christian Panucci plays at the A.S. Roma.
Christian Panucci is in the A.S. Roma club.
Christian Panucci plays for A.S. Roma.
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C.
Christian Panucci is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team.
Christian Panucci plays for the Italy national football team.
Christian Panucci was attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
Dave Challinor is a player at the A.F.C. Fylde .
Dave Challinor is at the A.F.C. Flyde club.
Dave Challinor plays for A.F.C. Fylde.
Dave Challinor played football for Bury FC.
Dave Challinor played for Bury F.C.
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC.
Dave Challinor is a player of Colwyn Bay F.C. club.
Dave Challinor plays for Colwyn Bay F.C.
Dave Challinor plays at the Stockport County F.C.
Dave Challinor played for Stockport County F.C.
Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Dave Challinor plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas.
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is locatedd in Alagoas.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca.
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca.
The Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Arapiraca.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonesca is in Brazil.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil.
Frank de Boer played for AFC Ajax.
Frank de Boer plays for AFC Ajax.
Frank de Boer is in the Ajax Youth Academy.
Frank de Boer played for the Ajax Youth Academy.
Frank de Boer played for Al-Shamal Sports Club.
Frank de Boer plays for Al-Shamal Sports Club.
Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
The currency in Greece is the euro.
The Euro is the currency in Greece.
Money used in Greece is the Euro.
Greece is inhabited by Greeks.
The people from Greece are called Greeks.
Greeks inhabit Greece.
Greek is the language of Greece.
Greek is spoken in Greece.
The language spoken in Greece is Greek.
Greece's leader is Alexis Tsipras.
Alexis Tsipras heads Greece.
The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras.
Greece's leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader of Greece.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece.
The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party in Gubbio.
Gus Poyet played for Chelsea F.C.
Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza,a football club.
Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club.
Gus Poyet's club is Real Zaragoza.
Rome is the capital of Italy.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
Italy is inhabited by Italians.
Italians are the people who live in Italy.
Italians inhabit Italy.
The language spoken in italy is Italian language.
The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
Italy's leader is Pietro Grasso.
Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy.
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
The official language of Italy is the Italian language.
Italian is the official language of Italy.
Boston is the birthplace of James Pallotta.
James Pallota was born in Boston.
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Jens Hartel plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Jens Hartel is a member of the ! FC Magdeburgs.
Jens Härtel is in the 1. FC Magdeburg club.
Jens Hartel plays for 1. FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Härtel played for Berliner AK 07.
Jens Hartel club is Berliner AK 07.
Jens Hartel is attached to the club FSV Zwickau.
Jens Härtel is a member of the FSV Zwickau club.
Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club.
Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig.
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club.
Jens Hartel plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
John van den Brom plays for ADO Den Haag.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap.
John van den Brom is in the Jong Ajax club.
John van den Brom plays for Jong Ajax.
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team.
John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands national football team.
John van den Brom plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem.
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş.
John van den Brom plays for Istanbulspor A.S.
Jorge Humberto Rodgriguez plays for the Alianza F.C. club.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez club is Alianza F.C.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for Alianza F.C.
Jorge Humberto Rodriquez plays for the C.D. FAS.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is in C.D. FAS.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for C.D. FAS.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a member of C.D. Aguila.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a member of the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team.
Luciano Spalletti is in the A.S. Roma club.
Luciano Spalletti's club is A.S. Roma.
Luciano Spalletti plays for A.S. Roma.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C.
Luciano Spalletti was at the club Virtus Entella.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella.
Massimo Drago is in the A.C. Cesena club.
Massimo Drago plays for A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago is in club Calcio Catania.
Massimo Drago's club was Calcio Catania.
Massimo Drago plays for Calcio Catania.
Massimo Drago played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio.
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio.
Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia.
Max Huiberts is associated with the club AZ Alkmaar.
Max Huiberts is in the AZ Alkmaar club.
Max Huiberts plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Michele Marcolini plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini club is A.C> Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini is attached to the club AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini is a member of the A.C. Lumezzane club.
Michele Marcolini has been associated with F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini owns Torino F.C.
Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F.C. club.
Michele Marcolini plays for Torino F.C.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy.
Michele Marcolini played youth football for Torino FC.
Michele Marcolini is affiliated with the youthclub Torino F.C.
Barrow AFC are previous champions of the National League North.
Barrow A.F.C. team won the championship before in the National League North.
Barrow A.F.C. are the National League North Champions.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in the city of Athens.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens.
The Olympic Stadium is in Athens.
Paulo Sousa plays for ACF Fiorentina.
Paulo Sousa once played for Inter Milan.
Paulo Sousa is attached to the club Inter Milan.
Paulo Sousa plays at the Inter Milan club.
Paulo Sousa played for Juventus FC.
Paulo Sousa club is Juventus.
Paulo Sousa plays for Juventus F.C.
Paulo Sousa played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Paulo Sousa plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Paulo Sousa plays for the Portugal national football team.
Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football Team.
Footballer, Peter Stöger, plays for the Austria National Football team.
Peter Stoger plays for the Austria national football team.
Peter Stöger's club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
Peter Stoger plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling.
Peter Stoger is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club.
Peter Stoger plays for FK Austria Wien.
Peter Stoger plays for Favoritner AC.
Peter Stoger is attached to the club First Vienna FC.
Peter Stöger played for the club LASK Linz.
Peter Stoger plays for LASK Linz.
Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club.
Peter Stöger played for SC Wiener Neustadt.
Peter Stoger plays for SC Wiener Neustadt.
Peter Stöger was at the club SK Rapid Wien.
PeterStöger plays for SK Rapid Wien club.
Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien.
Peter Stöger played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr.
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club.
Rolando Maran is attached to AC Chievo Verona .
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania.
Rolando Maran is a member of the Calcio Cantania.
Rolando Maran plays at the Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran is in the Carrarese Calcio club.
Rolando Maran plays for Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club.
Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Rolando Maran used to be at Varese Calcio S.S.D.
Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club.
Rolando Maran plays for Varese Calcio S.S.D.
Rolando Maran plays at the Vicenza Calcio.
Rolando Maran is in the Vicenza Calcio club.
Rolando Maran plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy.
Juventus FC have been Serie A champions.
Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A.
The Serie A champions are Juventus F.C.
Serie A is based in Italy.
Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B.
Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B.
Carpi F.C. 1909 won the Serie B championship before.
Serie D champions include S S Robur Siena.
S.S. Robur Siena are champions of Serie D.
The champions of Serie D are S.S. Robur Siena.
Sportpark De Toekomst is operated by AFC Ajax.
AFC Ajax operate Sportpark De Toekomst.
AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst.
Sportpark De Toekomst is owned by AFC Ajax N.V.
Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Ohio.
St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Ohio.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is in Akron, Ohio.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the state of Ohio.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is in the state of Ohio.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is in Ohio.
Stuart Parker is a footballer in the A.F.C Blackpool club.
Stuart Parker (footballer) has represented AFC Blackpool.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Blackburn Rovers FC.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC.
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield F.C.
Stuart Parker is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Drogheda United FC.
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Irlam Town F.C.
Stuart Parker has represented the club KV Mechelen.
Stuart Parker the football player is part of the KV Mechelen club.
the football player Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was a player for Runcorn FC Halton.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Stuart Parker plays at the Sparta Rotterdam club.
Stuart Parker is in the club Sparta Rotterdam.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Sparta Rotterdam.
Stuart Parker (footballer) once played for Stockport County FC.
Stuart Parker's football club was Stockport County F.C.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Stockport County F.C.
Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece.
Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague.
The Superleague Greece champions are Olympiacos F.C.
Pete Stoger is manager of 1. FC Koln and plays for the Austria national football team.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for the Austria national football team.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln and plays for the Austria National Football team.
Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club and manages 1 FC Koln.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for FK Austria Wien.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin as well as being a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln and plays for LASK Linz.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger, who plays for LASK Linz.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and played for the club LASK Linz.
FC Köln played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga, the team has 50000 members.
1. FC Köln has 50000 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga.
1. FC Köln has 50000 members and were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season.
1. FC Köln has 50000 members and played in the 2014 season.
2014 saw 1. FC Koln participating, and they have 50000 members.
2014 saw 1. FC Koln, with 50000 members, participating.
3 Liga league team 1FC Magdeburg has 27250 members.
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 27250 members.
1FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 27250 members.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he is now manager of FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg; the first club he played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Jens Härtel, is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel, manager of FC Magdeburg, is also part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel, who has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Härtel has managed the 1 FC Magdeburg. He has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg, but now plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members.
1 FC Magdeburg, played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season, the team has 27250 members.
A>C Cesena ground is in Cesena, the team is in the Serie B league.
A.C. Cesena, in the Serie B league, ground is in Cesena.
AC Cesana play in Serie B and their ground is in Cesena.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in Cesena.
AC Cesena, whose ground is in Cesena, has 23900 members.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and the ground is in Cesena.
A.C. Cesena, whose ground is located in Italy, are in the Serie B league.
A.C. Cesena's ground is located in Italy and they are in the Serie B league.
A. C. Cesana, whose ground is located in Italy, plays in Serie B.
A.C. Cesena is in Italy and has 23900 members.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members, and its ground is located in Italy.
Founded in Italy, A.C. Cesena has 23900 members.
A.C. Cesena's ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they have 23900 members.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and its ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
A.C. Cesana's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they play in Serie B.
AC Cesena, who are in the Serie B league, have their grounds at the Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
A.C. Cesena's ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi, he played in Serie B.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 and has been manager of A C Cesena.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena, he played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago, who played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 has been the manager of AC Cesena.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago is connected to Delfino Pescara 1936 and manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago, played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio, and manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago, played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, and has been the manager of A C Cesena.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and previously played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona, which is in the league, Serie A.
Verona, Italy, is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona playing in the Serie A league.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona, played in Serie A.
A.C.Chievo Verona has 39371 members and its home ground is Stadio Marc Anthonio Bentegodi.
AC Chievo Verona's home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they have 39371 members.
With 39371 members, A.C. Chievo Verona's home ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Verona and has 39371 members.
A.C. Chievo Verona, with 39371 members, plays in their ground at Verona.
A.C. Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona and has 39371 members.
A.C.Chievo Verona play at Verona in Serie A.
A.C. Chievo Verona, play in Verona, in Serie A.
A.C. Chievo Verona is in the league, Serie A and play in Verona.
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania, and has also managed AC Chievo Verona.
Rolando Naran is a member of the Calio Cantania and is manager of A C Chievo Verona.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, he played for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the Carrarese Calcio club.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who worked at FC Bari 1908.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, who has worked at FC Bari 1908.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran, who plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran, who is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, who played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 SSD.
Previously owning club Varese Calcio S.S.D., Rolando Maran now manages club Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona.
Rolando Moran manages A.C. Chievo and is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who used to be at Varese Calcio S.S.D.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays at the Vicenza Calcio.
Rolando Maran, in the Vicenza Calcio club, has managed AC Chievo Verona.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members.
The fullname of A.C. Lumezzane, which has 4150 members, is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA.
The "Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA" is the complete name of the A.C. Lumezzane. It has 4150 members.
AC Lumezzane, has 4150 members, and play in the Lega Pro/A.
A.C. Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members.
Michele Marcolini's club is A.C> Chievo Verona and he manages the A.C. Lumezzane.
A.C Chievo Verona, is the club of Michele Marcolini, who has been the manager of AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini, manager of AC Lumezzane, plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane and plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini once managed AC Lumezzane. He played for Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini, who is in the Atalanta B.C. club, manages the A.C. Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 and manages the AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini has been associated with F.C. Bari 1908 and is now the manager of A.C. Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane, he played for F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and played for Torino FC.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who owns Torino FC.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane and attends the Torino F.C. Club.
Michele Marcolini played for Vicenza Calcio and manages A.C. Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and is in the Vicenza Calcio club.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for Vicenza Calcio.
The A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and they play in the Lega Pro league.
AC Lumezzane, play in the Lega Pro league, and have 4150 members.
The A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro.
A. D. Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division and is based in Metapan, El Salvador.
A.D. Isidro Metapan in the Salvadoran Primera Division is located in Metapan, El Salvador.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league and its ground is in Metapan, El Salvador.
With 10000 members, AD Isidro Metapán's grounds are located in Metapán, El Salvador.
The ground of AD Isidro Metapán, with 10000 members, is located in Metapán, El Salvador.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's is in Metapan, El Salvador and has 10000 members.
A D Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division and their home ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league and are located at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez in the Salvadoran Primera Division league.
A.D. Isidro Metapan have 10000 members and play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez.
A.D. Isidro Metapán, are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and have 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and they have 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapán's ground is in Metapán and the club has 10000 members.
10000 members to date, AD Isidro Metapan's ground is in Metapan.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is playing in it's ground at Metapán and has 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division at its ground at Metapan.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division and their ground is in Metapán.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league, he is playing in it's ground at Metapán.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez, plays for Alianza F.C. and has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez whose club is Alianza F.C.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F.C. club.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is attached to the club CD Aguila.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is a member of C.D. Aguila.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been a manager of A D Isidro Metapan and is now a member of C.D. Aguila.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, who is a member of the El Salvador National Football Team, also manages the team.
Once manager of A D Isidro Metapán, Jorge Humberto Rodriguez, plays for the El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, the capital of which is Athens.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, and the Euro is the currency.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the Euro is used as currency.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Euro is used as currency.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the Greeks live.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the locals are called Greeks.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, inhabited by Greeks.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the language is Greek.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, the country where the language they speak is Greek.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Greek is spoken.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which is headed by Alexis Tsipras.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, the leader of which is Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, and a Greek leader is Nikos Voutsis.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in season 2015.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and they were in the 2014 season.
A.E Dimitia Efxeinoupolis participated in the 2014 season. It has 1500 members.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and play at their ground, Jepson Way.
AFC Blackpool has 1500 members and its grounds are called Jepson Way.
A.F.C. Blackpool has its grounds at Jepson Way and has 1500 members.
A.F.C. Blackpool's play area is The Mechanics. It has 1500 members.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool, is in Blackpool, and play in the English Football League.
AFC Blackpool ground is located in Blackpool and they play in the English Football League.
English Football League club AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A.F.C. Blackpool play at their ground in Blackpool and is part of the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool, whose ground is located in Blackpool, plays in the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool (the grounds of which are in Blackpool), play in the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool have 1500 members and the ground is located in Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool have 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool is located in Blackpool and has 1500 members.
Start Parker is manager at A.F.C. Blackpool and plays for Blackpool F.C..
Stuart Parker, who once managed AFC Blackpool, plays for Blackpool F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackpool F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker, who played football for Bury FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for the Bury FC.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who played football for Bury FC.
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club and has been manager at AFC Blackpool.
Footballer Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and he is also attached to Chesterfield football club.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker, who is a member of the Chesterfield F.C.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who also played football at Drogheda United FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who was at Drogheda United FC.
Stuart Parker, is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C. and has been the manager of AFC Blackpool.
Stuart Parker, who has managed AFC Blackpool, has represented the club KV Mechelen.
Stuart Parker, who plays football for Stockport County F.C. and has been manager for AFC Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool have had as their manager, Stuart Parker, whose football club was Stockport County F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Stockport County F.C.
A.F.C.Fylde's ground is Kellamergh Park and the club has 3180 members.
AFC Fylde has the ground Kellamergh Park and also has 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde, has 3180 members and its ground is Kellamergh Park.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and the club has 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde have 3180 members and are based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
A.F.C. Fylde are based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and has 3180 members.
AFC Fylde's ground is located in Warton, Fylde and they have 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde ground is Warton Fylde and it has 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is Warton Fylde.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who once played for Bury F.C.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who used to play football for Bury FC.
Dave Challinor, who played football for Bury FC., is the manager of AFC Fylde.
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and is the manager of AFC Fylde.
Dave Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde and also plays for Colwyn Bay F.C.
Dave Challinor, is at Colwyn Bay FC, and manages A.F.C. Fylde.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who plays at the Stockport County F.C.
Dave Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde and plays at the Stockport County F.C.
Dave Challinor, manager of AFC Fylde, played for Stockport County F.C.
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde, and he plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C., Dave Challinor, manages A.F.C. Fylde.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor, who is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C.
It has 5300 members, and the full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910, is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's full name is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. and it has 5300 members.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl (abbreviated to A.S. Gubbio 1910) has 5300 members.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio where the Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has a ground in Gubbio where the Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party.
A.S. Gubbio has 5300 members and their ground is located in Italy.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 in Italy has 5300 members.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the team have 5300 members.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the Italian language is spoken.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910, which has 5300 members, is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti.
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and the club has 5300 members.
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has the capacity for a crowd of 5300.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D, the champions of which are S.S. Robur Siena.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league whose champions are SS Robur Siena.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D whose champions include S S Robur Siena.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910, has 5300 members, and played in the 2014 season.
A.S. Gubbio has 5300 members and played in 2014.
AS Gubbio 1910 competed in the 2014 season, they have 5300 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 menbers and was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 hs 5300 members and were in the Lega Pro in the 2014-15 season.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season, it has 5300 members.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno, Italy and Serie B league.
Livorno, Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio, this club playing in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno, Italy, and the club plays in Serie B.
Based in Livorno, Italy, A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.
Livorno, Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio and has 19238 members.
Livorno, Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio, which has 19238 members.
A.S Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno, and it has 19238 members.
A.S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno and has 19238 members.
The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno.
AS Livorno club plays in Serie B and their home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
A S Livorno Calcio's home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi, and the legue they play in is Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi and play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio (home ground Stadio Armando Picchi) has 19,238 members.
AS Livorno Calcio with 19238 members is in Stadio Armando Picchi.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, has 19238 members, and has their home ground at the Stadio Armando Picchi.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, are managed by Christian Panucci, who has played for Chelsea FC.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio and has played for Chelsea FC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C.F.C.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci, who played football for Genoa C.F.C.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for Inter Milan.
Christian Panucci, manager of A. S. Livorno Calcio, used to play for Inter Milan.
A.S. Roma's chairman is James Pallotta, who was born in Boston.
James Pallotta, who was born in Boston, is the chairman of A.S. Roma.
James Pallotta, born in Boston, is the chairman of A.S. Roma.
A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members, have their grounds in Rome, Italy.
AS Roma has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome, Italy.
A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy, the team has 70634 members.
AS Roma, in the Serie A league, has its grounds in Stadio Olimpico.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and their ground is the Stadio Olimpico.
A.S Roma's ground is Stadio Olimpico, and they play in the Serie A league.
A.S Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico and has 70634 members.
A.S Roma's has 70634 members and its grounds are at Stadio Olimpico.
A.S Roma has 70634 members and their ground is Stadio Olimpico.
AS Roma play in the Serie A league and have a ground in Rome.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and their stadium is in Rome.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and have a ground in Rome.
Luciano Spalletti, who was at the club Virtus Entella, manages A.S. Roma.
AS Roma's manager is Luciano Spallett, who plays for Virtus Entella.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti, who was at the club Virtus Entella.
AS Roma has 70634 members and their grounds are in Rome.
A.S. Roma have a ground in Rome and has 70634 members.
A.S. Roma has 70634 members and have a ground in Rome.
Paula Sousa, manager of ACF Florentina, is attached to club Inter Milan.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina, he played at the Inter Milan club.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa, who plays at the Inter Milan club.
The manager, of ACF Fiorentina, is Paulo Sousa, who plays for the Portugal national football team.
Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football team and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina and a member of the Portugal National Football Team.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members, The team competed in the 2014 season.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members, and they competed in the 2014 season.
ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season and they have 47290 members.
ACF Fiorentina, have 47290 members, and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
ACF Fiorentina played the 2014-15 season in Serie A and their ground holds 47290 members.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens, where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis.
Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens, where AEK Athens F.C's ground is situated.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens, the mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
AEK Athens F.C's grounds are in Greece and obviously they play in the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece, where their ground is located.
AEK Athens's ground is in Greece and they compete in the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece and ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece, and their ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C, member of the Superleague of Greece, has its ground in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece, in which Olympiacos F.C. were past champions.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece, the champions of which are, Olympiacos F.C.
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece, Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the team.
Gus Poyet has been the manager of AEK Athens FC and has also been a player for Chelsea F.C.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C.
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C.
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who is in the Real Zaragoza club.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet, who is associated with the Real Zaragoza, a football club.
Gus Poyet is manager of AEK Athens FC and his club is Real Zaragoza.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC which has 69618 members.
The ground for AEK Athens F.C., which has 69618 members, is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer, who played for Al-Shamal Sports Club.
Frank de Boer, played for Al-Shamal Sports Club and is the managerof AFC Ajax.
Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team and plays for Al-Shamal Sports Club.
The manager of AFC Ajax's manager is Frank de Boer who is also attached to the club FC Barcelona.
Frank de Boer who once played football for FC Barcelona now manages the AFC Ajax.
Frank de Boer is attached to the club FC Barcelona and is the manager of AFC Ajax.
Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team and manages the AFC Ajax team.
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer, who played for the Netherlands national football team.
Frank de Boer, who played for the Netherlands national football team, is the manager of AFC Ajax.
AFC stands for AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax. Its current membership is 53502.
AFC Ajax, full name, "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax" has 53502 members.
AFC Ajax has 53502 members and they payed in season 2014.
AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season, the team has 53502 members.
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, played in the 2014 season.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam, the city where AFC Ajax (amateurs) have their ground.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax is based.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax is based.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground, Sportpark De Toekomst, is operated by AFC Ajax.
Sportpark De Toekomst is the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) and it is operated by AFC Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, operated by AFC Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V..
Sportpark De Toekomst belongs to amateur AFC Ajax.
Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst, the ground of AFC Ajax amateurs.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, where Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, with Ajax Youth Academy as tenant.
AFC Ajax (amateurs), with 5000 members, play in the Hoofdklasse league.
AFC Ajax, whose amateurs play in the Hoofdklasse league, has 5000 members.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) play in the Hoofdklasse league and their ground has the capacity for 5000 fans.
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs (abbreviated to AFC Ajax (amateurs)) has 5000 members.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) which has 5000 members, is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs".
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and it has 5000 members.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs), who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (Amateurs) competed in the 2014 season and it has 5000 members.
The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is the complete name for the AFC Ajax (amateurs) who played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
The AFC Ajax amateurs (Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs) played the 2014-2015 season in the Topklasse.
AFC Ajax (amateurs), with full name "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs", played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena which is located in Baku.
The AZAL Arena is in Baku and is the ground of AZAL PFK.
AZAL Arena, the ground of AZAL PFK, is located in Baku.
AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan is the ground of AZAL PFK.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK, it is in Azerbaijan.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK who play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
AZAL PFK, in the Azerbaijan Premier League, play their home games at the AZAL Arena.
The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League where the championship is held by Qarabag FK.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where the champions are Qarabag FK.
Although AZAL PFK is in the Azerbaijan Premier League, Qarabag FK are the champions.
There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK who are in season 2014.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and competed in the 2014season.
Azal Pfk are in season 2014, and have 3500 members.
AZAL PFK Bakou which has 3500 members is playing in the Azerbaijan PremierLeague, 2014–15.
AZAL PFK Bakou, whose ground has a capacity of 3500, played in the Azerbaijan Premier League, 2014–15.
AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15 and have 3500 members.
AZ Alkmaar's ground is the AFAS Stadion and it has 17023 members.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and its ground is the AFAS Stadion.
AZ Alkmaar has has 17023 members and their ground is the AFAS Stadion.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and has previously been the manager for AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and manages AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar, Brom also plays for De Graafschap.
John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap and manages AZ Alkmaair.
John van den Brom, manager of AZ Alkmaar, plays for De Graafschap.
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team but now manages the AZ Alkmaair.
John van den Brom , who managed AZ Alkmaar, plays for Vitesse Arnhem.
John van den Brom, who plays for Vitesse Arnhem, is the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom, manager of AZ Alkmaar, is in Vitesse Arnhem.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş.
John van den Brom plays in İstanbulspor A.Ş. He manages the İstanbulspor A.Ş.
John van den Brom, who manages the AZ Alkmaair, plays for Istanulspor A.S.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie 2014-15.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members, played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
Max Huiberts is the owner of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members.
Max Huiberts owns AZ Alkmaar which has 17023 members.
Owned by Max Huiberts, club AZ Alkmaar is the club of 17023 members.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
AZ Alkmaar, who has 17023 members, played in the 2014 season.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. It is located in Alagoas.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense and is located in Alagoas.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy de Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiacao Sportive Arapiraquense and is located in Arapiraca.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is in Arapiraca.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league.
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is from Brazil.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and are nicknamed Alvinegro.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Alvinegro, has 17000 members.
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members and the nickname Asa Gigante.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's nickname is Asa Gigante, and has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a nickname of Asa Gigante and contains 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, managed by Vica, has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members and are managed by Vica.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense, who are managed by Vica, has 17,000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in 2015.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members played in the 2015 season.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015, and they have 17000 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and they were in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and their chairman is Dave Laughlin.
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and the chairman is Dave Laughlin.
Akrons Summit Assault has 3000 members and the chairman is Dave Laughlin.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is in St Vincent St Mary High School of Akron, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, which is located in the city of Akron, Ohio.
St. Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron, Ohio is where Akron Summit Assault is located.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the United States.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault and is located in United States.
St. Vincent-St.Mary High School in the United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St Vincent-St Mary High School in Ohio is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, located in the state of Ohio, is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School, in the state of Ohio, is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
The Premier Development League has K-W United F.C., (who have been champions) and Akron Summit among its competing teams.
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League, which K-W United FC were once the champions of.
In the Premier Development League, Akron Summit Assault play and the champions are K-W United FC.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members.
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault, it has 3000 members.
Akron Summit Assault, which has got 3000 members, was managed by Denzil Antonio.
The manager of Akron Summit Assault, who play in the 2011 PDL season, is Denzil Antonio.
Akron Summit Assault, (managed by Denzil Antonio), played in the 2011 PDL season.
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault and they participated in the 2011 PDL season.
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and are in season 2011.
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members, he played in the 2011 season.
Akron Summit Assault, has 3000 members, and was in the 2011 season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located near Rome, capital of Italy.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which has Rome as its capital.
Italians inhabit Italy where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the people who live there are called Italians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians live.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which has the leader Sergio Mattarella.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the official language is Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where unsurprisingly they speak Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian.
Luciano Spalletti, who manages A.S. Roma, played for Udinese Calcio.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio and manages AS Roma.
Luciano Spalletti manages A S Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago, who manages A.C. Cesena, was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and he has been the manager of A C Cesena.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and has been the manager of A C Cesena.
Barrow A.F.C. team won the championship before in the National League North, obviously they are in that league.
Barrow A.F.C. are the National League North Champions and A.F.C. Fylde play in the same league.
Fylde played in the National League North league of which Barrow AFC are the champions.
The Olympic Stadium, located in Athens, is the home ground of AEK Athens FC.
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is where the AEK Athens football club play.
The Olympic Stadium, in Athens, is the home ground of AEK Athens FC.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC.
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) located in Marousi.
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Marousi.
Peter Stöger's club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling and he is the manager of 1. FC Koln.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and his club is FC Admira Wacker Modling.
The manager of 1.FC Koln is Peter Stoger, who's club is FC Admira Wacker Modling.
Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien and is the manager of 1. FC Koln.
The manager of 1. FC Koln isPeter Stöger, who plays for SK Rapid Wien club.
Peter Stöger, the manager of 1. FC Köln, plays for SK Rapid Wien.
Peter Stoger, manager of 1.FC Koln, is also in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club.
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is the manager of 1. FC Koln.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A where Juventus FC have been champions .
Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A, and A.C. Chievo Verona are also in the same competition.
AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league in which Juventus FC have been champions.
AS Roma play in the Serie A league where the champions are Juventus FC.
Juventus FC have been Serie A champions and AS Roma play in the same league.
Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A, A.S. Roma also play in the same competition.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln which has 50000 members and participated in the 2014 season.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger. The team has 50000 members and played in the 2014 season.
1. FC Koln, whose manage is peter Stoger, participated in 2014 and now have 50000 members.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln who were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season and have 50000 members.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger. They have 50000 members and played the 2014-15 season in the Bundesliga.
1. FC Köln were in the 2014–15 Bundesliga season, its manager is Peter Stoger nad have 50000 members.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for the Austria national football team and is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Peter Stoger is currently at FK Austria Wien and manages FC Kolin, he also plays international football for Austria.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin, he plays for the Austria national football team and FK Austria Wien also.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln and has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for both SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and plays for the Austria national football team.
Peter Stöger is manager of 1. FC Köln and is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustadt. He is currently at the FK Austria Wien club.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for SC Wiener Neustadt and is at the FK Austria Wien club.
Peter Stoger plays for SC Wiener Neustadt and FK Austria Wien while also being a manager at 1. FC Koln.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 3 Liga League in the 2014 season.
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league. They played in the 2014 season and have 27250 members.
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league, it played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and are in the 3 Liga league. During the 2014-2015 they played in the Regionalliga.
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league, they played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15 season and have 27250 members.
1 FC Magdeburg, with 27250 members, is in the 3 Liga league and was in Regionalliga in 2014.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who used to play for Berliner AK 07 and currently plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He first played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig and later for Berliner AK 07.
Jens Härtel's club is Berliner AK 07; the first club he played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig. He also played for RB Leipzig and was the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg, playing for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig, and previously for RB Leipzig.
Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club, started with FC Lokomotive Leipzig and has managed 1 FC Magdeburg.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who also plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03.
FC Magdeburg manager Jens Hartel is a former professional who first played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig, and later, for SV Babelsberg 03.
The first club Jens Hartel played for was F.C Lokomotive Leipzig, he is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club and,manages FC Magdeburg.
Jens Hartel, who plays for SV Germania Schoneiche, is part of 1. FC Union Berlin and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin. He also plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin and plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for Berliner AK 07 and belongs to the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. His club is Berliner AK 07 and he is also part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the clubs Berliner AK 07 and 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Härtel (Berliner AK 07) played for FC Sachsen Leipzig, has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig and played for Berliner AK 07.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel, whose club is Berliner AK 07, and he has also represented FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club. He previously managed 1 FC Magdeburg and played for Berliner AK 07.
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club, played for Berliner AK 07 and manages FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel was previously the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He is in the RB Leipzig club and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and played for RB Leipzig. He is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for RB Leipzig and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Härtel has played for SV Babelsberg 03 and 1. FC Union Berlin. He is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel, who is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 and 1. FC Union Berlin clubs.
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club. He has also been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and represented FC Sachsen Leipzig.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Hartel, who played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03, is the manager at FC Magdeburg.
AC Cesena ground is in Cesena and they play in the Serie B league whose champions are Carpi FC 1909.
A.C. Cesena's ground is in Cesena and they play in Serie B which has a previous champion of Carpi F.C. 1909.
A.C. Cesena is in the Serie B league (with Carpi FC 1909 as champions) and has a ground in Cesena.
23900 member club A.C. Cesena plays in Italy in Serie B.
A.C. Cesena's ground is located in Italy, they have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league.
A.C. Cesena is in the Serie B league. They have 23900 members and their ground is located in Italy.
A.C. Cesana's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi. They have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league.
A.C. Cesana play in Serie B, they have 23900 members and their ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
A.C. Cesena, with 23900 members, is in the Serie B league and has a ground called Stadio Dino Manuzzi.
AC Cesena play in the Serie B league which has been won by Carpi F.C. 1909 in the past. Their ground is located in Italy.
A.C. Cesena's ground is located in Italy and they are part of the Serie B league which was previously won by Carpi FC 1909.
AC Cesena, whose ground is located in Italy, are in the Serie B league. Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B.
A.C.Cesena plays in Stadio Dino Manuzzi and is also the in the Serie B league, and the Carpi F.C. 1909 won the championship Serie B division.
A.C. Cesana's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they played in Serie B but lost to Carpi FC 1909.
With grounds at the Stadio Dino Manuzzi, A.C. Cesana play in Serie B. Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of that league.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia although he plays for Calcio Catania.
Massimo Drag has been the manager of A C Cesena, is attached to the club Vigor Lamexia and his club was Calcio Catania.
Massimo Drago, manager of A.C. Cesena, is part of clubs Vigor Lamezia and Valcio Catania.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has 39371 members and the full name of "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.".
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S.r.l. (abbreviated to A.C. Chievo Verona) has 39371 members and are based in Verona, Italy.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is at the ground Verona and has 39371 members.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l." and play at their ground in Verona where they have 39371 members.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona, which has 39371 members and plays in Verona, is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.".
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and they have 39371 members while their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.". Their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they have 39371 members.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. (abbreviated to A.C. Chievo Verona) has 39371 members and its home ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Benregodi.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran, who is a member of the Calcio Cantania and plays at the Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and is a member of the Calcio Cantania. He currently plays at the Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania, plays at Carrarese Calcio and is manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran, who has previously worked at FC Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Associazione Calcio CheivoVerona manager Rolando Maran has formerly worked at FC Bari 1908, and is a member of the Carrarese Calcio club.
Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays for both F.C. Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran, who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D at the Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D and Carrarese Calcio. He has also managed AC Chievo Verona.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the following clubs: Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, who is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club and plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the Carrarese Calcio club and plays for Varese Calcio S.S.D.
Rolando Maran plays for both Varese Calcio S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio and has managed AC Chievo Verona.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy and is in the Carrarese Calcio club.
Rolando Maran (born in Italy), has managed AC Chievo Verona and played for Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran (born: Italy) plays for Carrarese Clacio and manages Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane, they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league.
The fullname of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA, they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA( A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members and plays in the Lega Pro league.
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and has played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season.
A.C. Lumezzane, with 4150 members, is in the Lega Pro/A league and played during the 2014 season.
A.C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A 20-14 season. They have 4150 members.
Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season. and has 4150 members.
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members, played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season and still play in the same league.
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and will play in Lega Pro. Lumezzane played in Lega Pro: 2014.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who was at FC Bari 1908 but currently plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908, his club is A.C. Chievo Verona and is now a manager at A.C. Lumezzane.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini plays for A.C. Chievo Verona. and is at Torino F.C. club.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane and plays for both A.C. Chievo Verona and Torino F.C.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane he is part of A.C> Chievo Verona and plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane, plays for A.C. Chievo Verona and previously played for Vicenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini has managed A.C. Lumezzane and played for Atalanta B.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini has been the manager of AC Lumezzane and his club is A.C. Chievo Verona but he plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcoli plays for both Atalanta B.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona and has been manager of AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane, plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and once played for Vicenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was at FC Bari 1908. He is in the Vicenza Calcio club.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane; he also plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and has played for Vicenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini has played for Atalanta BC. He now manages the AX Lumezzane and is at the Torino FC club.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for Torino F.C. and as been associated with F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F.C. club. He has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was previously at FC Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane; he also is associated with Torino F.C. and F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane but also plays for Torino F.C. and Vicenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and plays for both Torino F.C. and Vicenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane and plays for Torino F.C. He is also in the Vicenza Calcio club.
The A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro League.
A.C. Lumezzane, with 4150 members, plays in the Lega Pro. and were active in 2014.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán, El Salvador. It has 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapán has 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan, El Salvador. Their full name is Isidro Metapan.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan. Their ground is located in Metapán, El Salvador and they have 10000 members.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan, their ground is in Metapán and they have 10000 members.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan which has 10000 members, is Isidro Metapan and their ground is in Metapan.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's full name is "Asociación Deportiva". They have 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan, El Salvador.
10000 member strong club AD Isidro Metapan Deportiva - Asociacion Deportiva - plays at Metapan, El Salvador.
Asociacion Deportiva (abbreviated to A.D. Isidro Metapan) has 10000 members and has its ground in Metapan El Salvador.
A.D. (Asociacion Deportiva) Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez, they have 10000 members and the full name of the club is "Asociación Deportiva".
The Asociacion Deportiva is now known as A.D. Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members and plays in Metapan.
A.D. Isidro Metapán's ground is in Metapán, they have 10000 members and the full name Asociación Deportiva.
The fullname of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva, they have 10000 members and play at their ground at Metapán.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan, he plays for the El Salvador national football team and FC Dallas.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán and is a member of the club FC Dallas, as well as of the El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, capital of which is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis.
Greece, led by Nikos Voutisis, who's capital is Athens, is the location of club A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece. The capital of the country is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece whose leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the capital is Athens.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece. The country's capital is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and the capital city is Athens.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, the capital of which is Athens and the country is headed by Alexis Tsipras.
Athens is Greece's capital (led by Alexis Tsipras). Greece is the location of A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Greek. The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Greek and the leader is Alexis Tsipras.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece whose leader is Alexis Tsipras and spoken language is Greek.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras is at the head.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, the leader of which is Alexis Tsipras and/or Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and/or Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is lead by Nikos Voutsis and uses the Greek language.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece where the Greek language is spoken. The country is the location of AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, which leader is Prokopis Pavloopoulos and the language is Greek.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ground is in the town of Efxeinoupoli. It has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members, is in the league EPSTH 2nd GROUP and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league, EPSTH 2nd GROUP, with 1500 members their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season and has 1500 members. Their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in season 2014. They have 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli. They were in the 2014 season.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 member. They were in the 2014–15 A EPSTH Greece season.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli. They have 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis have 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. Their home ground is located in Efxeinoupoli.
A.F.C. Blackpool fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool," they have 1500 members and their grounds are at Jespon Way.
AFC Blackpool has the full name "Association Football Club Blackpool". They have 1500 members and their grounds are Jepson Way.
A.F.C. Blackpool fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool". They have 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics.
The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool. Their ground is The Mechanics. and they have 1500 members.
AFC Blackpool, with 1500 members, has the full name "Association Football Club Blackpool", and its ground is called "The Mechanics".
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker, who used to play for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who played for Bury FC and currently for KV Mechelen.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who plays for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C. Manages A.F.C. Blackpool and is a member of Chesterfield F.C.
Footballer Stuart Parker was at Blackburn Rovers FC, he is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and currently manages A.F.C. Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager, he was a footballer for Chesterfield FC. and Bury FC.
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and now plays for Bury FC and is the manager at A.F.C. Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager. He is attached to Chesterfield football club and was at Drogheda United FC.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Drogheda United F.C. is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and now manages A.F.C. Blackpool.
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and is a footballer with the Drogheda United F.C, he also had managed AFC Blackpool.
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield football club as well as a player for Stockport County F.C. and also managers the A.F.C. Blackpool organization.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). In the past he played for Chesterfield FC. and Stockport County FC.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager. He is a member of the Chesterfield F.C and was previously at Stockport County F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). He is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and a member of the Chesterfield F.C.
AFC Blackpool manager Stuary Parker is also attached to Irlam Town and Chesterfield football clubs.
Stuart Parker was once a manager at AFC Blackpool and a footballer for Chesterfield FC but is now attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who is a member of the Irlam Town F.C and was a player for Runcorn FC Halton.
Stuart Parker once played for Runcorn FC Halton, is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and is now a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who was at Drogheda United FC but is currently part of the KV Mechelen club.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager, he is part of the KV Mechelen club and played with the Drogheda United F.C.
Stuart Parker, who used to play at Drogheda United FC and now plays for KV Mechelen, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who has represented the club KV Mechelen and also played for Runcorn FC Halton.
Stuart Parker has represented the club KV Mechelen and was manager for AFC Blackpool, He plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Stuart Parker the football player is part of the KV Mechelen club, plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has managed AFC Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who once played for Stockport County FC and currently plays for KV Mechelen.
Stuart Parker is the manager of AFC Blackpool. He own club was Stockport County FC and he has represented KV Mechelen.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager. He has also represented the club KV Mechelen and once played for Stockport County FC.
A.F.C.Fylde's ground is Kellamergh Park. They have 3180 members and the full name of "Association Football Club Fylde.".
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde," they have 3180 members and their ground is Kellamergh Park.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde", it's grounds are Kellamergh Park and it has 3180 members.
The full name of AFC Fylde, the 3180 member strong club, is Association Football Club Fylde.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and are based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
A.F.C. Fylde (its full name is "Association Football Club Fylde"), which has 3180 members, is based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde" and has 3180. Their home ground is called The Fylde.
AFC Fylde, who play at The Fylde, has 3180 members and the full name Association Football Club Fylde.
3180 member club, Association Football Club "AFC" Fylde plays at a ground called The Fylde.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C. and plays for Colwyn Bay F.C. club.
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and manages A.F.C. Fylde. He is also affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C. , plays for Colwyn Bay F.C. and is manager of AFC Fylde.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" they are based at Bryning Lane and have 3180 members.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde," they have 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde", they are based at Bryning Lane and have 3180 members.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to AFC Fylde) has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde", its ground can be found in the county of Lancashire and it has 3180 members.
Association Football Club Fylde, abbreviated to A.F.C Fylde, has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. It was a part of the 2014–15 Lega Pro season and has 5300 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 , which stands for Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl., has 5300 members. and was in the Lega Pro in the 2014-15 season.
A.s Gubbio 1910 (Associazione Aportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl.), with 5300 members, participated in the 2014-15 Leg Pro season.
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl", they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio Srl (abbreviated to A.S. Gubbio) has 5300 members and competed in the 2014 season.
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl". It competed in the 2014 season and has 5300 members.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva, their ground is in Livorno Italy and they have 19,238 members.
Livorno, Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio which has 19238 members and the full name of Associazione Sportiva.
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A.S.Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno, Italy.
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A.S.Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and grounds in Livorno.
The fullname of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. Its ground is in Livorno and it has 19238 members.
Associazione Sportiva Calcio, better known as A.S Livorno Calcio, is a 19238 member club whose ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
The home ground of A S Livorno Calcio (full name Associazione Sportiva), which has 19238 members, is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
The A.S. Livorno Calcio (Associazione Sportiva), with 19238 members, has the Stadio Armando Picchi as its home ground.
The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and the full name of Livorno Calcio S.p.A. Their ground is known as Stadio Armando Picchi.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A., abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio, has 19238 members and has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma and is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C. and now manages A.S. Livorno Calcio and plays at the A.S.Roma.
Christian Panucci was a former player for the Italy national football team, now plays for A.S. Roma as well as manages A.S, Livorno Calcio.
A.S Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who is in the A.S. Roma club and also plays for the Italian national football team.
Christian Panucci is in the A.S. Roma club, plays for the Italian national football team and manages A.S. Livorno Calcio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
Christian Panucci, who manages A.S. Livorno Calcio, used to play for both A.S. Roma and Real Madrid CF.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci, who is in the A.S. Roma club, and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa F.C. and Chelsea F.C.. Today he manages A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC and Genoa C.F.C. and now manages A.S. Livorno Calcio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan and previously for football for Genoa C.F.C.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Inter Milan and is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C.F.C. and Inter Milan, but now manages A.S. Livorno Calcio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C.F.C. and the Italy national football team.
Christian Panucci plays for Genoa C.F.C. and the Italian national team, he also manages A.S. Livorno.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team and is attached to the club Genoa CFC.
Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan as well as managing A.S. Livorno Calcio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team and previously for Inter Milan.
A.S. Roma's fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. They have 70634 members and their ground is located in Rome.
AS Roma has 70634 members and has a ground in Rome. Their fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. They have 70634 members and their ground is in Rome.
A.S. Roma play at the Stadio Olimpico, have 70634 members and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.(abbreviated to A.S.Roma) has 70634 members and its ground is Stadio Olimpico.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., or A.S Roma for short, has the Stadio Olimpico as its ground and 70634 members.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina but played for Maccabi Tel Aviv FC. His club is Juventus.
Paul Sousa plays for Juventus F.C. and Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. while also managing ACF Fiorentina.
Paulo Sousa played for Juventus FC and now plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C while managing ACF Fiorentina.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina. He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and is also a member of the Portugal National Football Team.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and also the Portugal national football team.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina. He has played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C and is a member of the Portugal National Football Team.
ACF Fiorentina (full name: ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.) competed in the 2014 season and their ground holds 47290 fans.
ACF Fiorentina, who competed in the 2014 season has the fullname of ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. . They currently have 47290 members.
ACF Fiorentina fullname is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A, they have 47290 members and competed in the 2014 season.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A., they have 47290 members and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
The full name of ACF Fiorentia is "ACF Fiorentina S.p.A," they played the 2014-15 season in Serie A and have 47290 members.
ACF Fiorentina, or ACF Fiorentina S.p.A., has 47290 members and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
AEK Athens FC who's grounds are in Athens compete in the Superleague Greece, the champion of which is Olympiacos F.C.
AEK Athens F.C. who's grounds are in Athens, play in the Superleague Greece, the previous champions of which were Olympiacos FC.
AEK Athens F.C., with their ground in Athens, play in the Superleague Greece in which Olympiacos F.C. were past champions.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece (previous champions: Olympiacos), and their home ground is The Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) and they compete in the Superleague Greece. Previous champions of the superleague are Olympiacos FC.
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece are previous champions and home ground is The Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AEK Athens FC, whose home ground is in Greece, has 69618 members and compete in the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens F.C has 69618 members, has its grounds in Greece and plays in the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens F.C., with 69618 members, play in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Athens.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who compete in the Superleague Greece. The club has 69618 members.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece and has 69618 members. Their ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens), is the home ground of AEK Athens FC, have 69618 members and are in the Superleague of Greece.
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax. They have 53502 members and were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax, they played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season and have 53502 members.
The full name of AFC Ajax is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax". It were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014-2015 and has 53502 members.
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax (abbreviated to AFC Ajax) has 53502 members and played in season 2014.
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax, they have 53502 members and played in season 2014.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Ajax Youth Academy also play.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and operated by AFC Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax. The tenant of the ground is Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, operated by AFC Ajax. The tenant is Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax and amateur's ground is Sportpark De Toekomst. Jon Ajax are the tenants of the De Toekomst Sportpark.
AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is the tenant. It is the ground of AFC Ajaz (amateurs).
AFC Ajax (amateur) play as Sportpark De Toekomst, which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V, with Jong Ajax as the tenant.
Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax NV and is the ground for AFC Ajax (amateurs).
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and owned by AFC Ajax N.V.
AFC Ajax N.V. own Sportpark De Toekomst who in turn host both the Ajax Youth Academy and AFC Ajax (amateurs).
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst of which both Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax are tenants.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where the Ajax Youth Academy and Jon Ajax are also tenants of.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy (Jong Ajax).
The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is now known as AFC Ajax and has 5000 members and has played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) complete name is the "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs. They play in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season and have 5000 memberrs.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs" they have 5000 members and played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs", they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (Amateurs) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members. Their full name is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs (abbreviated to AFC Ajax (amateurs), competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members.
The fullname of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu, they have 3500 members and were in the 2014 season.
The full name of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu. They competed in the 2014 season and have 3500 members.
AZAL PFK stands for "AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu". They competed in the season 2014 and have 3500 members.
AZAL PFK stands for "AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu" and they have 3500 members. AZAL PFK Bakou is playing in the Azerbaijan Premier League, 2014–15.
AZAL PFK's full name is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu. They played in the Azerbaijan PremierLeague, 2014–15 and have 3500 members.
The AZAL PFK (abbreviated from "AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu"), with 3500 members, competed in The Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15.
The AZAL PFK, with 3500 members, competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League, with championship team being Qarabag FK.
Qarabag FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League which AZAL PFK play in and they have 3500 members.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in the 2014-15 season. Their full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
Alkmaar "AZ" Zaanstreek, the 17023 member strong club, played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek (abbreviated to AZ Alkmaar) has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014-15.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar as well as a player for ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair as well as playing for the ADO Den Haag and the De Graafschap.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar, he plays for both ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom was manager of AZ Alkmaar and now plays for AFC and Jong Ajax.
John van den Brom manages for the AZ Alkmaair, plays for AFC Ajax and is in the Jong Ajax Club.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and Jong Ajax.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and R.S.C. Anderlecht. He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and R.S.C. Anderlecht.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both R.S.C. Anderlecht and AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar, he is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both AFC Ajax and Vitesse Arnhem.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both R.S.C. Anderlecht and De Graafschap.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom who plays for tboh R.S.C. Anderlecht and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both R.S.C. Anderlecht and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team. He now plays for RSC Anderlecht and is manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands football team and RSC Anderlecht, and manages AZ Alkmaair.
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht. He previously played for the Netherlands national football team.
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş but also manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A.Ş. and plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht as well as managing AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht and Istanbulspor A.S. He is also manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and in the Jong Ajax club. He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom plays for both Vitesse Arnham and Jong Ajax. He has also managed AZ Alkmaar.
John van den Brom, who is a member of the Jong Ajax club and plays for Vitesse Arnhem, has been manager of AZ Alkmaar.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense".
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil.
Agrremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense (abbr. Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense) play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League which is based in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil's Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and are managed by Vica.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their stadium holds 17000 fans.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have 17000 members, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Brazilian Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil in 2015.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil's Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Brazilian-based Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and they played in the 2015 season.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Brazil and also competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League in Brazil, specifically in 2015.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil's Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event.
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Alvinegro", they played in 2015 and they have 17,000 members.
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. They have 17000 members and play in 2015.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (nickname: Alvinegro) competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and their ground holds 17000 fans.
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Alvinegro", they were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 and have 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, whose nickname is Alvinegro, has 17000 members and took part in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante. They have 17000 members and played in the 2015 season.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante, they played in the 2015 season and have 17000 members.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (nicknamed Asa Gigante) has 17000 members and play in 2015.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". The club has 17000 members and competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" has 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". They competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and have 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". The club has 17000 members and played in the 2015 season.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense) played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and played in 2015.
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron, Ohio and play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC were previous champions.
Akron Summit Assault (Akron, Ohio) played in the Premier Development League, which K-W United FC were champions.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, US.
Akron Summit Assault play at the St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Ohio, USA.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron, Ohio, U.S.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, which is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault has its grounds at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School which is in Akron, Ohio, part of Summit County, Ohio.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, located in Akron, Ohio; Summit County, is home to Akron Summit Assault.
Dan Horrigan is the governor of Akron, Ohio which has St. Vincent-St. Mary High School located in it , and inside the high school is the Akron Summit Assault organization.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio where Dan Horrigan is the leader.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is in Akron, Ohio which is in Summit County and home to the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron (a summit county in Ohio) - is home to the Akron Summit Assault's ground.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault, Akron Summit County Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is located at St Vincent-St Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, United States.
St Vincent-St Mary High School (Akron, Ohio, US) is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron Ohio, United States.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Ohio, United States.
In Akron, Ohio, the Akron Summit Assault organization is located inside the St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.
St Vincent-St Mary High School (loc: Akron, Ohio, US) is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault, Akron Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault is located at the St. Vincent-St. Mary High school in Ohio.
St. Vincent-St.Mary High School is in Ohio in the United States and is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault, in the state of Ohio in the United States of America.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault who are in season 2011 and have 3000 members.
Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011 and have 3000 members. Their manager is Denzil Antonio.
Akron Summit Assault (managed by Denzil Antonio), has 3000 members and was in the 2011 season.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season.
Akron Summit Assault , with 3000 members managed by Denzil Antonio, play in the 2011 PDL season.
In Italy they speak Italian and is the home to the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 as well as the capital city of Rome.
In Italy the capital is Rome, the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located there.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. The capital of the country is Rome and it's leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Italy is where Italian people live, Rome is the capital and the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 can be found there.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the people are known as Italians and the capital city is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome and it's people called Italians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where they speak Italian. The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the country's leader is leader is Pietro Grasso and obviously they speak Italian there.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Piero Grasso and Italian is the spoken language.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the capital city is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. whose leader is Pietro Grasso and capital is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome and it's leader is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader of the Italians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the country of Italians where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Italy (led by Pietro Grasso) is home to the Italian people and A.S. Gubbio 1910.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and/or Sergio Mattarella.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the spoken language.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, who's leader is Sergio Mattarella and where they speak Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. The country's leader is Sergio Mattarella and there they speak Italian.
Luciano Spalletti played for Empoli F.C. and Virtus Entella. He has also been manager of AS Roma.
Luciano Spalletti is a manager for the AS Roma club and plays for Empoli F. C. as well as Virtus Entella.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C. and Virtus Entella while managing A.S. Roma.
The manager of AS Roma, Luciano Spalletti, plays for Udinese Calcio and was at the club Virtus Entella.
Luciano Spalletti manages AS Roma and also plays for Udinese Calcio and Virtus Entella.
Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calcio. He now manages A.S. Roma and plays for Virtus Entella.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena whose club is the S.S. Chieti Calcio. and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago played for. A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925, he now plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesana.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and was at the club ASD Licita 1931 but he currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena. He was also at the club ASD Licita 1931.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931. He currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago's club was Calcio Catania and he played for US Castrovillari Calcio. He is now the manager of A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago once played for US Castrovillari Calcio, is in the club Calcio Catania and manages A.C. Cesena.
A.C. Cesena's manager Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena. He is also attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio; he has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and is a former player of Vigor Lamezia and S.S.D. Potenza Calcio.
Attached to the club Vigor Lamezia, Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and once played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages 1 FC Koln. He also plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling.
Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling. He is also the manager of FC Kolin and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln, his club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling and he is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club.
PeterStöger, manager of FC Kolin plays for both SK Rapid Wien and SC Wiener Neustadt.
Peter Stöger, previously of SK Rapid Wien, is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages 1. FC Koln.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger who played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr and is attached to the club First Vienna FC.
Peter Stoger (football), First Vienna FC, now a manager of 1. FC Koln, played for SK Vorwarts Steyr.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger, he has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club.
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club, is manager of 1. FC Köln and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona who played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F.C.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona who is in the league, Juventus FC have been Serie A champions.
Verona, Italy is home to A.C. Chievo Verona who play in Serie A. Juventus FC have previously been champions of Serie A.
AC Chievo Verona's home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi. They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have been champions.
The home ground of A.C. Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. They play in the Serie A league, which was won by Juventus F.C.
The home ground of A.C. Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi, they are in the Serie A league, of which Juventus FC have been champions.
With grounds in Verona, AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league, of which Juventus FC have been champions.
A.C. Chievo Verona's playing ground is at Verona and they play in Serie A, where Juventus FC have been champions.
Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A. A.C. Chievo Verona is in that league now and play in Verona.
A.S. Roma plays in the Serie A league in Rome, Italy but the Serie A champions are Juventus F.C.
A.S.Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy and they played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F.C.
Juventus F.C. are former champions of Serie A. AS Roma also play in the same league, their ground is in Rome, Italy.
AS Roma, who have a ground in Rome, play in Serie A alongside Juventus FC who are former champions.
A.S.Roma play their home games in Serie A in Rome, the current champions are Juventus.
With grounds in Rome, A.S. Roma play in Serie A. Juventus FC have been champions of that league.
AS Roma, whose ground is the Stadio Olimpico play in the Serie A League of which Juventus FC are former champions.
Juventus FC have been Serie A champions. A.S. Roma, who's ground is Stadio Olimpico also play in the same league.
The Serie A champions are Juventus F.C. A.S Roma also play in the same league and their ground is Stadio Olimpico.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg, has played for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and Berliner AK 07 as well as representing the club FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Hartel has played for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig, Berliner AK 07, FC Sachsen Leipzig and is manager of FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel, previously of Berliner AK 07 and FC Sachsen Leipzig, is now a player for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig whilst managing 1 FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel first club was FC Lokomotive Leipzig. He has been involved in SV Babelsberg 03 and Berliner AK 07.
The first club Jens Hartel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he currently plays for SV Babelsberg 03. His club is Berliner AK 07 and he is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. He also plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03, and his club is Berliner AK 07.
Jens Hartel is in the RB Leipzig club and plays for both SV Germania Schoneiche and 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzig. He has also been the manager of 1FC Magdeburg.
Jens Härtel started his career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzig. Since then he has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is currently in the RB Leipzig club and playing for SV Germania Schoneiche.
Jens Härtel, the manager of FC Magdeburg also plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig, SV Babelsberg 03 and he has played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Hartel plays for 1.FC Lokomotive Leipzig and for SV Babelsberg 03. He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and the manager of FC MAgdeburg.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel, he played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig, for SV Germania Schoneiche, and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jens Hartel started his career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzig. Since then he has played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and now plays for SV Germania Schoneiche, whilst managing FC Magdeburg.
Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig but is now manager of FC Magdeburg. His own club is Berliner AK 07 and he is also part of 1 FC Union Berlin.
Jens Hartel's club is Berliner AK 07 and he is part of FC Union Berlin. He used to play for FC Sachsen Leipzig and has also been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg.
Jens Hartel has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig and his club is Berliner AK07. He is currently part of the club 1.FC Union Berlin and manages FC Magdeburg.
Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and was manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. His club is Berliner AK 07 and he plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
Jens Hartel played for both Berliner AK 07 and FC Sachsen Leipzig. He has been manager for 1 FC Magdeburg and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel, who is attached to the club FSV Zwickau. He played for Berliner AK 07, and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
Jens Hartel played for Berliner AK 07 and has been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and plays for SV Babelsberg 03.
Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig and FC Sachsen Leipzig and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. Jens Härtel is currently part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and has been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg. He is in the RB Leipzig club and is also part of 1 FC Union Berlin.
Jens Hartel is in the RB Leipzig club, is part of the 1.FC Union Berlin club, represented FC Sachsen Leipzig. and managed 1 FC Magdeburg.
AC Cesena, who have a ground in Cesena, has 23900 members. They play in the Serie B league which has Carpi FC 1909 as previous champions.
Previous champions of the Serie B league are Carpi FC 1909. AC Cesena, who also play in the league have a ground in Cesena and 23900 members.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi. They currently play in the Serie B League in which Carpri F.C. 1909 have previously been champions.
A.C. Cesana's ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi, they have 23900 members and play in Serie B, which was previously won by Carpi F.C. 1909.
Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B, the league AC Cesena are in. They are managed by Massimo Drago, who was at the club ASD Licita 1931.
Attached to club Delfino Pescara 1936, Massimo Drago, has been the manager of A C Cesena. The club is in Serie B league, the previous champions of which are, Carpi FC 1909.
A.C. Cesana play in Serie B, previously won by Carpi F.C. 1909. Massimo Drago, who is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936, has managed A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena who are in the Serie B league. Carpi F.C. 1909 are previous Serie B championship winners.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is located in Italy. They play in the Serie B league of which Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions.
AC Cesena's ground is located in Italy and they have 23900 members. They play in the Serie B league of which Carpi FC 1909 are the champions.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and its ground is located in Italy. They play in Serie B league where Carpi 1909 are previous champions.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., is the full name of A.C. Chievo Verona which is in Verona, Italy. AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season and has 39371 members.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona which has the full name of Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.. They have 39371 members and played in the 2014 season.
AC Chievo Verona, full name "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.", play out of Verona, Italy. They competed in the 2014 Serie A season and have 39371 members.
The fullname of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their ground in Verona holds 39371 fans. The club competed in the 2014 season.
The fullname of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their ground is in Verona. The club played in the 2014 season and has 39371 members.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona, which has 39371 members and plays at its ground in Verona, is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.". The team played in the 2014 season.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona which has 39371 members, is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l.". The club play in Verona and were part of the Serie A 2014-15 season.
The fullname of A.C. Chievo Verona who have 39371 members, is Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S.r.l. . They play in Verona and were in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is "Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l." and they played n the 2014 season. Their home ground is called Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and it holds 39371 fans.
The fullname of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their home ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. The club has 39371 members and competed in the 2014 season.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., is the full name of AC Chievo Verona, the home ground of which is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members, and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
Rolando Maran (born in Italy) is manager of AC Chievo Verona and has played for Calcio Cantania and Carrarese Calcio.
Born in Italy, Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania. He also has managed AC Chievo Verona, and plays for Carrarese Calcio.
Rolando Maran (Italian) is a member of the Calcio Cantania. He plays for Carrarese Calcio and is the manager of Calcio ChievoVerona.
Italian born Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S.S.D. club and also plays for Carrarese Calcio. He has previously managed AC Chievo Verona.
Italian born Rolando Maran now plays at the Carrarese Calcio. He previously managed AC Chievo Verona and used to be at the Varese Calcio SSD.
Rome is the capital of Italy which is inhabited by Italians and where A.C. Lumezzane plays.
Rome is the capital city of Italy, which is highly populated by Italian speaking citizens. Italy is also the home of A.C. Lumezzane.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy, which has Rome as its capital. The language spoken by the Italians is Italian.
Petro Grasso is the leader of Italy which is home to AC Lumezzane. The country uses the Italian language and has the capital city of Rome.
A.C. Lumezzane play in Italy where the capital is Rome, the spoken language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
In Italy, the citizens are called Italians and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso. A.C. Lumezzane play in this country.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy where Rome is the capital, Italians live and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy where the Italian language is used and the capital city is Rome. AC Lumezzane play in the country.
A.C. Lumezzanne's ground is in Italy where the capital is Rome, the official language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people, and the national language is Italian.
A.C. Lumezzane play in Italy (inhabited by Italians) where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where AC Lumezzane's ground is located. The country is inhabited by Italians who speak the Italian language.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy. Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people, and the national language is Italian.
Michele Marcolini, who was born in Italy, managed A.C. Lumezzane and has previously played for Atalanta BC and A.C. Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for A.C. Chievo Verona and Atalanta B.C. Michele Marcolini is also the manager of A.C. Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini, born in Italy, is part of the Atalanta B.C. club. He plays for A.C. Chievo Verona and has been manager of AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini, who was manager of AC Lumezzane, played football for Torino FC Youths, A.C. Chievo Verona and Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane. Previously he played for Atalanta BC and youth football for Torino FC. His own club is AC Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini is part of the Atlanta B.C. Club and is affiliated with the youth club Torino F.C.. In addition he plays for A.C. Chievo Verona and manages A.C. Lumezzane.
Italian born Michele Marcolini manages AC Lumezzane. He also plays for both FC Bari 1908 and VIcenza Calcio.
Michele Marcolini, who was born in Italy, is the manager at AC Lumezzane. He previously played for Vicenza Calcio and now plays for FC Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini, who was born in Italy, is in the Vicenza Calcio club. He manages the A.C. Lumezzane and plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Italian born Michele Marcolini has managed AC Lumezzane. He is also part of the Atalanta BC club and owns Torino FC.
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane. He also owns Torini FC and has previously played for Atalanta BC.
Italian born Michele Marcolini plays for Torino FC and is part of the Atalanta BC club. He currently manages the AC Lumezzane.
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane. He also played for Vicenza Calcio and owns Torino FC.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy, he plays for Vicenza Calcio at the Torino F.C. club while managing AC Lumezzane.
Michele Marcolini, who was born in Italy, has been manager of AC Lumezzane, owns Torino F.C. and played for Vicenza Calcio.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan, is located in Metapán, El Salvado, has 10000 members, and full name is "Asociación Deportiva".
A.D. Isidro Metapan's full name is "Asociación Deportiva". It is managed by Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, its ground is located in Metapán, El Salvador and has 10000 members.
The fullname of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva. Its ground is located in Metapán, El Salvador, it has 10000 members. and its manager is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez.
AD Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members. Their full name is "Asociación Deportiva" and they are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez.
AD Isidro Metapan's ground is in Metapan and they have 10000 members. Their full name is "Asociación Deportiva" and they are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez.
A.D. Isidro Metapan, full name Asociacion Deportiva, plays at its ground at Metapan. Their manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and they have 10000 members.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team and Alianza F.C. He is also in C.D. FAS.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F. C. club, C. D. FAS, and the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team and for Alianza F.C. He manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and is in C.D. FAS.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of AD Isidro Metapan. He is connected to Allianza FC and the FC Dallas as well as playing for the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez clubs are Alianza F.C. and the FC Dallas club. He also manages AD Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan. He also plays for Alianza F.C., FC Dallas, and the El Salvador national football team.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez, who is attached to the club CD Aguila. He is also member of the club FC Dallas, and plays for the El Salvador national football team.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila and plays for the El Salvador national football team. He is in the FC Dallas Club and is manager of AD Isidro Metapan.
Ex-A D Isidro Metapán manager Jorge Humberto, currently playing for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team, is attached to the club CD Aguila.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the country of Greece. Greece's leader is Nikos Voutsis and its capital is Athens. Greek is spoken in Greece.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens. The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Greek.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Greek language is spoken. The capital city is Athens and the leader of the country is Nikos Voutsis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Athens in the capital and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece. Greece's capital is Athens and their leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where Athens is the capital and both Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutis are leaders.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where they speak Greek. Athens is the capital of Greece, where one of the leaders is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens. Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader of the country where the Greek language is spoken.
The Greek language is spoken in Greece where A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located . The leader of the country, which has the capital city of Athens, is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of greece where the currency is the Euro and the capital city is Athens. The country is the location of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
The A.E. Dimitea Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Euro is the currency , Athens is the capital and Nikos Voutsis is the leader.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras. The capital city is Athens and the language spoken in the country is Greek.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Greek language is spoken. Alexis Tsipras heads Greece which has the capital city of Athens.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras. Athens is the capital of Greece and the language they speak is Greek.
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders of Greece which has the capital city of Athens. The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in the country.
The capital city of Greece is Athens where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. The country is the location of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, of which which Athens is the capital. Greece's leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, the capital of which is Athens. Two of the leaders in that country are, Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavloopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Athens is the capital. It is also where two of the leaders are, Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Greece's leaders Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Greek is spoken.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece. National leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos, and the official language is Greek.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. The language spoken in the country is greek.
The Greek language is spoken in Greece where A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulos are leaders.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has a capacity of 1500. The team played in the 2014 season and their full name is "A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis".
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members, played in the 2014 season and are located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. It is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli, played in the 2014 season and has 1500 members.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis and their ground is in the town of Efxeinoupoli. They played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH. Greece season.
Association Football Club Blackpool, is A.F.C. Blackpool's fullname. The club has 1500 members, and Jepson Way is their grounds. In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season and has 1500 members. Their full name is "Association Football Club Blackpool" and their homeground is Jepson Way.
Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014-15 season. Their full name is Association Football Club Blackpool, their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 1500 members.
A.F.C. Blackpool Mechanics ground holds 1500 fans. The club's full name is Association Football Club Blackpool and in the season 2014-2015 they played in the North West Counties Football League.
AFC Blackpool Mechanics ground has a capacity of 1500. In the season 2014-2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League and the club's full name is Association Football Club Blackpool.
In the season 2014-2015 AFC Blackpool, who have 1500 members, played in the North West Counties Football League. They have the full name "Association Football Club Blackpool" and their home ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's has 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics. A.F.C. Blackpool's full name is "Association Football Club Blackpool" and they played in season 2014.
A.F.C. Blackpool, full name Association Football Club Blackpool, plays at the Mechanics and has 1500 members. They competed in the 2014 season.
AFC Blackpool ground is in Blackpool, has 1500 members, played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season, and has the full name "Association Football Club Blackpool".
In the season 2014-2015 AFC Blackpool, who have 1500 members played in the North West Counties Football League. The full name of the club, who are based at their ground in Blackpool, is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool, full name "Association Football Club Blackpool", has 1500 members and a home ground in Blackpool. AFC Blackpool played in the 2014-15 North West Counties Football League season.
AFC Blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool. The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool. They played in season 2014.
AFC Blackpool has the full name "Association Football Club Blackpool" and their ground is in Blackpool. They have 1500 members and competed in the 2014 season.
The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool, it is in Blackpool, competed in the 2014 season and has 1500 members.
The U.K. Labour Party are the leaders of the Blackpool council in Blackpool. It is here that footballer, Stuart Parker, plays for Blackpool F.C. and where the ground of AFC Blackpool is located. Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) and he also plays in this team. The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party (UK).
Gordon Marsden, is one of the leaders in Blackpool, which is where, AFC Blackpool have their grounds. The club had footballer, Stuart Parker (who plays for Blackpool F.C.), for a manager.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who has managed, and now plays for, Blackpool FC. The club's ground is in Blackpool which is lead by Gordon Marsden.
AFC Blackpool, who's leader is the Conservative Party (UK) is located in Blackpool and has had Stuart Parker as their manager, now attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
Stuart Parker is a footballer attached to Irlam Town FC and the manager of AFC Blackpool. The clubs ground is in Blackpool where the leaders are the Conservative Party (UK).
Stuart Parker is a member of Irlam Town FC and manages AFC Blackpool which is based in the city of Blackpool whose leaders are the Conservative Party UK.
Footballer Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool, where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK).
Blackpool based club AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker who is part of the KV Mechelen club. The town is lead by the Conservative Party UK.
AFC Blackpool is based in the city of Blackpool where Gordon Marsden is one of the leaders. It is managed by the Footballer Stuart Parker who has represented the club KV Mechelen.
Stuart Parker is part of the KV Mechelen Club and manager of A.F.C. Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool. The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden.
Stuart Parker has been the manager of AFC Blackpool, a club based in the city of Blackpool where the council is lead by the UK Labour Party. His previous club was Stockport County FC.
Stuart Parker, who once played for Stockport County FC is now the manager of AFC Blackpool. The club has their ground in Blackpool where the council is run by Labour.
Kellamergh Park is the location of the home ground for AFC Fylde who have 3180 members. . Their full name is "Association Football Club Fylde" and they played in 2014.
A.F.C. Fylde, full name "Association Football Club Fylde", currently have 3180 members. Their home ground is Kellamergh Park, which they played at while competing in the 2014 season.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members, has its ground at Kellamergh park and played in the 2014 season.
Affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C., Dave Challinor, played for Bury F.C. He is also both a player of Colwyn Bay F.C. club and the manager of AFC Fylde.
Dave Challinor used to play for Bury FC. He is now at Colwyn Bay FC and is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers FC as well as managing AFC Fylde.
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde. He played football for Bury FC., and now plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C. and Colwyn Bay FC.
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers FC. He plays at Stockport County FC and manages AFC Fylde.
The manager of AFC Fylde is Dave Challinor who is at Colwyn Bay FC and plays for both Tranmere Rovers and Stockport County FC.
Dave Challinor (player of Colwyn Bay F.c club )plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C. at Stockport Country F.c and also manages A.F.C Fylde.
Based at Bryning Lane, the Association Football Club Fylde (A.F.C. Fylde), has 3180 members and has played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference.
Based at Bryning Lane, the Association Football Club Fylde, or AFC Fylde played the 2014-15 season and has 3180 members.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to AFC Fylde) has 3180 members, are based at Brynng Lane and played the 2014-15 season in the Football Conference.
With 3180 members, and a home ground called The Fylde, A.F.C. Fylde played in 2014. The full name of which, is Association Football Club Fylde.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde." and they competed in the 2014 season. Their home ground is known as "The Fylde" and the club has 3180 members.
AFC Fylde (full name: Association Football Club Fylde), played in 2014 and their ground in Lancashire holds 3180 fans.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde." and they have 3180 members. The club's ground is in Lancashire and they competed in the 2014 season.
A.F.C.Fylde (full name Association Football Club Fylde) is located in the county of Lancashire. The club competed in the 2014 season and has 3180 members.
A.S. Livorno Calcio or Associazione Sportiva is based in Livorno, Italy has 19238 members and were in the 2014-15 Serie B season.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, full name Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio, is based in Livorno, Italy. They have 19238 members and were in Serie B in the 2014-15 season .
The fullname of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva and they played in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their ground is in Livorno and they have 19238 members.
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio (abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio) has 19238 members It's ground is located in Livorno and they played season 2014-2015 in Serie B.
The Stadio Armando Picchi is the home ground of AS Livorno Calcio who played in the 2014-15 Serie B season. they have 19238 members and the full name of the club is Associazione Sportiva.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, known under the full name Livorno Calcio S.p.A. Has the ground in Stadio Armando Picchi, where 19238 members were active for the 2014 season.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and their hone ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi. The club has 19238 members and played in the 2014 season.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio. Its home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi it played in season 2014 and has 19238 members.
AS Roma play in Serie A (of which Juventus FC are champions). Their chairman is James Pallotta who was born in Boston.
Boston born James Pallotta is chairman of AS Roma. The club plays in the Serie A League alongside Juventus FC who are former champions.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A, of which Juventus F.C. are currently champions. Their chairman James Pallotta was born in Boston.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A (abbreviated to A.S.Roma) has 70634 members, their ground is in Italy and they were in Serie A in 2014-2015.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., or A.S Roma for short, has its ground in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members. A.S. Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of, A.S. Roma, who have their ground in Rome, Italy. They competed in the 2014 season and have 70634 members.
A.S. Roma, known under the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A, has 70634 members, competed in the 2014 season and it's grounded in Rome, Italy.
The fullname of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their home ground is in Rome, Italy. They have 70634 members and played in the 2014 season.
A.S. Roma's fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they play at the Stadio Olimpico. The club has 70634 members and played in the Serie A in 2014-15.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A (abbreviated to A.S.Roma) have 70634 members and there ground is Stadio Olimpico. They played in the Serie A league in 2014-2015.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., or A.S Roma for short, has the Stadio Olimpico as its ground and 70634 members. A.S. Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15.
Paulo Sousa played for Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv FC. He is a member of the Portugal national football team and manages ACF Fiorentina.
Paulo Souza is manager of ACF Fiorentina, plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C., InterMilan club and the Portugal National Football Team.
Paulo Souza plays for Inter Milan, Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and the Portuguese national football team. In addition, he also manages ACF Fiorentina.
AEK Athens FC ground is in Athens and they compete in the Superleague Greece. It has has 69618 members. Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens and they have 69618 members . They play in the Superleague of Greece of which Olympiacos FC are previous champions.
Olympiacos F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague in which AEK Athens FC also compete. AEK Athens home ground is in Athens and they have 69618 members.
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are the previous champions. Their manager is the former Chelsea F.C. player Gus Poyet.
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who used to play for Chelsea F.C. AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece, which was previously won by Olympiacos FC.
Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza football club and manages AEK Athens FC. They play in the Superleague Greece alongside Olympiacos FC who are previous champions.
Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club and manages AEK Athens which competes in the Superleague of Greece. Previous winners of the league are Olympiacos FC.
AEK Athens F.C. were past champions in the Greece Superleague and are currently in the Superleague of Greece. It has 69618 members and its homeground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AEK Athens FC home ground is The Olympic Stadium (Athens). The club has 69618 members and competes in the Superleague Greece. Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the league.
AEK Athens F.C. have 69618 members, their ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) and they play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Olympiacos F.C..
The Olympic Stadium, at Marousi in Athens, is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. They play in Superleague of Greece, past champions of which are Olympiacos F.C.
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) located in Marousi. The club competes in the Superleague Greece which was previously won by Olympiacos FC.
AEK Athens F.C. which has 69618 members plays at their home ground at the Olympic Stadium (Athens). They are in the Superleague of Greece and played in the 2014 season.
AEK Athens FC have their home ground at the Olympic Stadium (Athens). They have 69618 members and played in the Superleague Greece in the 2014 season.
AEK Athens FC played in the Superleague Greece 2014 season. They have 69618 members and currently play their home games at the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and they played the 2014-2015 season. Their ground is in Athens, and they have 69618 members.
Part of the Superleague of Greece, AEK Athens FC played the 2014-2015 season, in the Football League, in Greece. AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members, and their ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens, they have 69618 members, compete in the Superleague Greece and played the 2014-2015 season in the Football League (Greece).
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and its home ground is The Olympic Stadium (Athens). They are currently in Superleague of Greece and played the 2014-2015 season in the Football League (Greece).
Frank de Boer once played for the Netherlands national football team and FC Barcelona. He now plays for Al-Shamal Sports Club and manages AFC Ajax.
Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team, played for Al-Shamal Sports Club, and the Netherlands national football team, is attached to the club FC Barcelona.
Frank de Boer once played for Al-Shamal Sports Club and the Netherlands national football team. He is now attached to FC Barcelona while managing AFC Ajax.
Sportpark De Toekomst is owned and operated by AFC Ajax NV and their tenants include AFC Ajax (Amateurs) and the Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax (amateur)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax. The grounds are owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and has a tenant of Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax own and operate Sportpark De Toekomst. Tenants include AFC Ajax (amateurs), Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground, which they operate, is Sportpark De Toekomst, the tenants of which are, Jong Ajax and the Ajax Youth Academy.
Ajax Youth Academy and Jon Ajax are tenants of Sportpark De Toekomst. It is owned by AFC Ajax NV and is the homeground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
AFC Ajax (amateur)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V.. Current tenants of the ground are Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax (amateur)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V.. Current tenants of this ground are Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and their nickname is Lucky Ajax. They played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season and have 5000 Members.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs), or "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs", is Lucky Ajax. AFC Ajax (amateurs) played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season and have 5000 members.
AZAL PFK play out of the AZAL Arena in the Azerbaijan Premier League, of which Qarabag FK are currently champions.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvulan. They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, the champions of which are Qarabağ FK.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Also in the league are AZAL PFK who play their home matches at AZAL Arena in Shuvalan.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvalan. They currently play in the Azerbaijan Premier League whose championship football team is Qarabag FK.
AZAL Arena, the ground of AZAL PFK, is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, where a championship team called Qarabag FK also play.
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League, which AZAL PFK compete in. The ground of which, is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League is Qarabag FK. AZAL PFK , who also play in the league, have their home ground at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Qarabag FK, are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Also to play in that league are AZAL PFK, who are in the 2014 season and have 3500 members .
Qarabag FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League. AZAL PFK, who have 3500 members also play in the league and are in season 2014.
AZAL PFK (3500 members) competed in season 2014 and in The Aerbaijan Premier League. Qrabag FK is the champions of Azerbaijan Premier League Os.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League. It is in this league, that the 3500 member strong, AZAL PFK competes in and played in , in 2014-15.
AZAL PFK have 3500 members and played in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15. Previous champions of this league were Qarabag FK.
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK, who have 3500 members also played in 2014-15.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar, owned by Robert Eehoorn, as well as playing for AFC Ajax and De Graafschap.
AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn and managed by John van den Bron who plays for AFC Ajax and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom has managed AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eehoorn. He also plays for both AFC Ajax and De Graafschap.
John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Ajax. He has also been manager for AZ Aklmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem. He also plays and manages AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar, owned by Max Huiberts, is John van den Brom who plays for AFC Ajax and Vitsse Arnhem.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. He is in Vitesse Arnhem, and plays for both Istanbulspor AS and AFC Ajax.
Along with managing AZ Alkmaar, John van der Brom is a player in Istanbulspor A.Ş and plays for AFC Ajax and Vitesse Arnhem.
the manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom, who plays for AFC Ajax, Vitesse Arnhem and Istanbulspor A.S.
John van den Brom, former manager of AZ Alkmaar, now owned by Max Huiberts, plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S..
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts. He also plays for both AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor AS.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom, who happens to be a member of Vitesse Arnhem, and plays for both ADO Den Haag and AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom is manager of AZ Aklmaar. He also plays for Vitesse Arnhem, ADO Den Haag and AFC Ajax.
John van den Brom was previously the manager at AZ Alkmaar. He plays for AFC Ajax, ADO Den Haag and Vitesse Arnhem.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (which is their full name)competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Their ground is called Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they have 17000 memberrs.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". and they have 17000 members. Their ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and the club played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League, in which the current champions are Vila Nove Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground which is located in Arapiraca. They currently play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League whose current champions are The Vila Nova Futebl Clube.
Sportiva Arapiraquense, will play this year in the Brazilian Serie C football league Coaracy da Mata Fonseca Stadium, Vila Nova Futebol Clube is the current champion.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play. Their home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (their full name) play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. in Brazil in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play. Their full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense".
Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense, who play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. This league is from Brazil and champions of it have included Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in the Esadii Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are currently the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. The league, from Brazil, that Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (managed by Vica), play in.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil which was previously won by the Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is located in Brazil. Previous champions of this league have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil and have the nickname Alvinegro. The league champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, whose nickname is Alvinegro, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Previous champions of the Serie C were Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a capacity of 17000 and is located in Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League which is based in Brazil. Previously, Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of this league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is in Brazil. This league has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense the Brazilian football team play their matches in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, they played in the 2015. The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil. They played in the 2015 season when Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" although their nickname is Alvinegro. The club has 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense (nickname Alvinegro) has 17000 members and were in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". Its nickname is "Alvinegro", it competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (which is the club's full name) played in the 2015 season. They have 17000 members and the nickname "Alvinegro".
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense (which is the full name) is "Alvinegro". The club played in 2015 and has 17000 members.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" and the title of the chairman is "President". The club has 17000 members and played in 2015.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense", it has title of 'President', played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (which is its full name), competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Their ground has a capacity of 17000 and the title of the chairman of the club is President.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" and they played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015. The title of the Chairman is "President" and the club has 17000 members.
Akron Summit (full name: Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault) is managed by Denzil Antonio. The club played in the 2011 season and their ground has a capacity of 3000 members.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is ''Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault and they are managed by Denzil Antonio. The club played in the 2011 season and has 3000 members.
Akron Summit Assault (Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault) has 3000 members. The club played in the 2011 season, and is managed by Denzil Antonio.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron, Ohio Summit County, United states.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Ohio, United States, which is the location of Akron Summit Assault's ground at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent -St Mary High School, Akron, Ohio (led by Dan Horrigan) US.
Akron Summit-Assaults ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School which is located in Akron, Ohio, USA. The leader of Akron, Ohio is Dan Horrigan.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Ohio, United states. It is here that St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, which is home to Akron Summit Assault's ground, is located.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault, is at St Vincent-St Mary High School. The school is located in Akron, Ohio (which is led by Dan Horrigan), in the United states.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, United States. Akron is lead by Dan Horrigan.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School located in Akron in Summit County, Ohio.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is located at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Ohio, Summit County, United States.
St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Ohio, United States and it is the ground of Akron Summit Assault, that is located in Summit County, Ohio,.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League which plays at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School located in the US where K-W United FC have been champions.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault, that play in the Premier Development League, which champions were K-W United FC.St. Vincent St.Mary High School is located in United States.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School (United States) is the home ground of Akron Summit Assault. They play in the Premier Development League which hails K-W United FC as champions.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, United States.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is located at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Ohio, United States.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School located in Akron, Ohio, United States.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, the grounds of Akron Summit Assault, is located in Akron, Ohio; United States.
Amsterdam-Centrum and Amsterdam-Noords are part of Amsterdam. This is the country where AFC Ajax is based and one of the leaders is Eberhard van der Laan.
Amsterdam-Centrum and Amsterdam-Noord are part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax (amateurs) can be found.
Sergio Mattarella leads the Italian people in Italy. The capital city is Rome and the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is also located in the country.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 which is located in Italy which is lead by Sergio Mattarella in the capital city of Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which is inhabited by Italians, its capital is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the country which is inhabited by Italians, where the language spoken is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Italian speaking Italy is home to the A.S. Gubbio 1910 grounds. The Italians' leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, whose capital is Rome. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy and the language spoken is Italian.
Italian is the language spoken in Italy where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located. The capital is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader. Italy's capital is Rome, and Italian is the national language.
A S Gubbio's home ground is in Italy which is lead by Pietro Grasso. The language spoken is Italian and the people are known as Italians.
Italy is where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located. The country is inabitated by Italians and Italian is the language spoken. Italy is led by Pietro Grasso.
AS Gubbio's home ground is in Italy which is lead by Pietro Grasso. The inhabitants of the country are known as Italians and their capital city is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which is inhabited by Italians, its leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which is full of italians and lead by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy where the Italian language is spoken. The country is the location for the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy whose capital is Rome. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy and its official language is Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, whose capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the official language is Italian.
Sergio Mattarella leads Italy where the official language is Italian and the capital city is Rome. The country is also the location for the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910.
AS Roma's manager is Luciano Spalletti, who played for Udinese Calcio. He plays for both, Empoli F.C. and Virtus Entella.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma. He also plays for Empoli F.C. and played for Udinese Calcio. While, also having once been at the club Virtus Entella.
Luciano Spalletti has previously been associated with Udinese Calcio and was at Virtus Entella. He is now manager at AS Roma and plays for Empoli FC.
Previous Greece Superleague champions AEK Athens FC play their home games at The Olympic Stadium, Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. have there home ground at the Olympic Stadium (Athens) which is located in Athens. They currently play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Olympiacos F.C..
The Olympic Stadium, in Athens, is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. the manager of which, is Gus Poyet, who played for Chelsea F.C.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. whose manager is Gus Poyet. He played for Chelsea F.C.
Located in Athens, the Olympic Stadium, is the ground for AEK Athens FC. The manager of which, used to be Gus Poyet, who, is in the Real Zaragoza club.
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is the home of AEK Athens FC. The football club's manager used to be Gus Poyet, who played for Real Zaragoza in the past.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. whose manager is Gus Poyet. His club is Real Zaragoza.
Peter Stoger, manager for the FC Koln, was also a part of FC Admira Wacker Modling and Favoritner AC as well as the FK Austria Wien Soccer Club.
Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling and Favoritner AC. He also manages 1. FC Köln and is at the FK Austria Wien club.
Peter Stöger's club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling. He is also manager of 1. FC Köln, a player for Favoritner AC and a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln and plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling. He is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustadt club and previously played for the club LASK Linz.
Peter Stoger plays for both LASK Linz and FC Admira Wacker Modling. He previously played for SC Wiener Neustadt but is now the manager of FC Kolin.
Peter Stoger, who plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling is also the manager of FC Kolin. He is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and previously played for the club LASK Linz.
Peter Stoger is attached to First Vienna FC and is also in FK Austria Wien Club and SK Vorwarts Steyr. He is currently manager of 1FC Koln.
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and attached to the club First Vienna F.C.. He is additionally at the FK Austria Wien club while managing FC Kolin.
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Kolin and has played for the following clubs: SK Vorwärts Steyr, Favoritner AC and FK Austria Wien.
Peter Stoger previously played football for SK Vorwarts Steyr and now plays for Favoritner AC. In addition he is a member of FK Austria Wien coccer club and the manager or 1.FC Koln.
Peter Stöger has played for FC Admira Wacker Modling, has managed FC Kolin and also worked for SK Vorwärts Steyr and First Vienna FC.
Peter Stoger is attached to First Vienna FC and is in SK Vorwarts Steyr club. He plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling and is the manager of 1 FC Koln.
Peter Soger has previously played football for SK Vorwarts Steyr and his club now is FC Admira Wacker Modling. He is currently attached to the club First Vienna FC and manages FC Kolin.
Peter Stöger, previously a player for SC Wiener Neustadt, is now in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club and managing 1. FC Köln. His club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club. He is currently a player in FC Admira Wacker Modling while being a manager at 1.FC Koln.
Peter Stöger is manager of FC Kolin, as well as playing for SC Wiener Neustadt. He is also in the SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Mödling clubs.
Peter Stöger, the manager of FC Kolin is also a part of the SK Vorwärts Steyr club, the SK Rapid Wien Club and SC Wiener Neustadt.
Peter Stoger played for both SC Wiener Neustadt and SK Vorwarts Steyr. He is now manager of 1 FC Koln and plays for SK Rapid Wien club.
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Koln. In his career so far, he has played for SK Vorwärts Steyr and SK Rapid Wien, and managed at SC Wiener Neustadt club.
Juventus F.C, former champions of Serie A, compete with A.S. Roma, known under the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., based in Rome, Italy, playing in Serie A.
Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play. Their full name is "Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A." and they have a ground in Rome, Italy.
Juventus FC have been champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play. AS Roma's full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their ground is in Rome, Italy.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name A.S. Roma. They have a ground in Rome and play in the Serie A league. the former champions of this league are Juventus F.C.
Previous champions of Serie A have been Juventus FC. A S Roma also play in Serie A and their home ground is in Rome and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Serie A league former champions are Juventus FC. AS Roma ( fullname Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.) who have a ground in Rome also play in the league.
A.S. Roma's ground in Rome holds 70634 fans. The club play in Serie A, the champions of which are Juventus F.C.
AS Roma have a ground in Rome and have 70634 members. They play in the Serie A league which was previously won by Juventus FC.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A, of which the current champions are Juventus F.C. Their home ground is in Rome and they have 70634 members.
With a ground in Rome, A.S. Roma, competed in the 2014 season. They play in Serie A, the champions of which have been Juventus FC.
AS Roma 's home ground is in Rome. They played in the 2014 season in Serie A which has Juventus FC as former champions.
Juventus FC are previous champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play. AS Roma played in the 2014 season and have a ground in Rome.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella and manages AS Roma who play in the Serie A league. Juventus FC are the champions of the league.
AS Roma's manager is Luciano Spalletti ( who was also at Virtus Entella) and they play in the Serie A league. The Champions of that league are Juventus F.C.
A.S. Roma is managed by Luciano Spalletti, who was formerly involved with Virtus Entella. Serie A, the league that A.S. Roma play in, has Juventus F.C. as past champions.
AS Roma play in Serie A which have Juventus FC as previous champions. AS Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy and they have 70634 members.
AS Roma's ground is located in Rome, Italy and they have 70634 members. They play in Serie A which has Juventus FC as former champions.
A.S. Roma of Rome Italy, has 70634 members and plays in Serie A where Juventus F. C. are champions.
Juventus FC and AS Roma are former Serie A champions, where Roma has 70634 members, its headquarters is the Olimpico stadium.
AS Roma 's ground is Stadio Olimpico and they have 70634 members. They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have previously been champions.
Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play. The AS Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico and they have 70634 members.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.. A.S. Roma play in Serie A of which Juventus F.C. are champions.
Luciano Spalletti, who has been associated with Udinese Calcio, manages A.S. Roma who play in Serie A. Juventus FC have been Serie A champions.
AS Roma play in the Serie A league where Juventus FC are the champions. Their manager is Luciano Spalletti who has been associated with Udinese Calcio.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy where Pietro Grasso leads the Italian people. The capital of the country is Rome and the Italian language is spoken.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy where the Italian language is spoken by the inhabitants who are known as Italians. The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome.
The Italian people are lead by Pietro Grasso and speak the Italian language. The capital city is Rome and the AC Lumezzane club play in the country.
A.C. Lumezzane play in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Italians live. It is also where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Italian is the official language.
AC Lumezzane play in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the official language is Italian. The leader of the Italian people is Pietro Grasso,.
Pietro Grasso leads Italy whose capital is Rome. The language there is Italian and its people are known as Italians. A.C. Lumezzane play in that country.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane which is located in Italy. He played for Vicenza Calcio, A.C. Chievo Verona. An Italian leader is Pietro Grasso.
Michele Marcolini previously played for Vicenza Calcio but now plays for AC Chievo Verona. He is also the manager of AC Lumezzane who have their ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
AC Lumezzane's ground is in Italy and their manager is Michele Marcolini who plays for A.C. Chievo Verona and is in the Vicenza Calcio Club. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders in Greece where the capital city is Athens and the Greek language is spoken. The country is also the location of the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the language is Greek. Athens is the capital of Greece, and two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos, and Nikos Voutsis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulos. The country's capital is Athens and their currency is the euro.
Greece is lead by Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos, the capital city is Athens and the country uses the euro as their currency. It is also the location of the A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is lead by Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. The capital of the country is Athens and the currency used is the euro.
Two leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Athens is its capital and its currency is the euro. A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece whose leader is Nikos Voutsis. Athens is the capital of Greece whose currency is the euro. Another leader there is Alexis Tsipras.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The capital of the country is Athens and the currency used is the euro. .
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where the money used is the Euro. Athens is the capital of Greece, and two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. The currency used in the country is the euro and the capital is Athens.
Alexis Tsipras heads Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is also a leader. Athens is the capital of Greece and the currency is the Euro. A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which is lead by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The language of the country is Greek and the currency is the euro.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which currently has Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis as leaders. Here the currency used is the Euro and the main language is Greek.
Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras, are leaders in Greece, where Greek is spoken and the money used is the Euro. A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, the leader of which is Alexis Tsipras. Another leader is Prokopis Pavloopoulos. In Greece, the currency is the euro and the language is Greek.
Alexis Tsipras heads Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is also a leader. The currency in Greece is the Euro and Greek is spoken. The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Greek is spoken and the currency is the euro. It is also where two of the leaders are, Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. The currency used is the euro and the Greek language is spoken in the country.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece. The country which has the leaders, Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. It is also, where Greek is spoken, and the Euro is used.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the language is Greek, the currency is the euro and its leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece, where Athens is the capital, Greek is spoken and where A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is lead by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. The capital city of the country is Athens and the Greek language is spoken.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is spoken in Greece and the capital is Athens.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which currently has Alexis Tsipras as head and Prokopis Pavlopoulos as a leader. The capital city here is Athens and the language spoken is Greek.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are a leaders in Greece where Athens is the capital and Greek is spoken. A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker whose club was Stockport County but he now plays for Runcorn FC Halton.
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool which is the location of AFC Blackpool. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for both Runcorn FC Halton and Stockport County FC.
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was at Stockport County FC but now plays for Runcorn FC Halton.
Stuart Parker is the manager of the A.F.C Blackpool club, which has its ground in Blackpool. The local leader is Gordon Marsden. Parker is also a member of the Chesterfield F.C. and plays for Stockport County F.C.
The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden. Stuart Parker, who once played football for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC is the manager of AFC Blackpool, whose ground is located in Blackpool.
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their ground. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and Blackburn Rovers FC.
Stuart Parker is the manager at AFC Blackpool who have their ground in Blackpool which is currently lead by Gordon Marsden. He also plays for Blackburn Rovers FC and is attached to Chesterfield FC.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of AFC Blackpool is located. The club have had Stuart Parker as their manager who has also been at Blackburn Rovers FC and is a member of Chesterfield FC.
Blackpool is where AFC Blackpool's ground is located and where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK). AFC Blackpool has been managed by Stuart Parker who has previous played for Blackburn Rovers FC and KV Mechelen.
Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and the Blackburn Rovers F.C. AFC Blackpool(Blackpool) had Stuart Parker as their manager. The Conservative Party U.K. is the leader of Blackpool.
The Conservative Party UK are the leaders in Blackpool which is the location of the AFC Blackpool home ground. Their manager is Stuart Parker who has represented KV Mechelen FC and also Drogheda United FC.
AFC Blackpool is located in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK). Stuart Parker, who has played at Drogheda FC and KV Mechelen, has been the manager of AFC Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool (Blackpool)have had Stuart Parker as their manager. Parker(with the Drogheda United F.C.) plays for KV Mechelen. The Conservative Party U.K. is the leader of Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool have their ground in Blackpool where the leader of the council is Labour. Stuart Parker, who has played at Drogheda United FC and KV Mechelen, has been manager of AFC Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool is located in the town of Blackpool, where the leader of the Council is the Labour Party (UK). The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker who has previously played football for Drogheda United FC and KV Mechelen.
AS Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy and play in Serie D whose champions are currently SS Robur Siena. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the capital city is Rome.
The champions of Serie D are S.S. Robur Siena in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play. This latter club has their ground in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is the city of Rome.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league who's previous champions include S S Robur Siena. The grounds of the A.S. Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy which currently has Sergio Mattarella as a leader and Rome is the capital city.
S.S. Robur Siena are champions of Serie D. in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play. The latter club have their home ground located in Italy which is lead by Pietro Grasso and uses the Italian language.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy. The football club play in Serie D, the champions of which are S.S. Robur Siena. Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and the language spoken is Italian.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 (Italy) play in Serie D. S.S. Robur Siena are champions of that serie. Pietro Grasso leads Italy. Italian is the language spoken in Italy.
S.S. Robur Siena are champions of Serie D in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play. This latter club have their home ground in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is the capital. A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D, of which S.S. Robur Siena are champions.
Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy are tenants of Sportpark De Toekomst. the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs). The ground is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax NV.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax NV. Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy are both tenants.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst. It is owned and operated by AFC Ajax N.V. and tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy (Jon Ajax).
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League, which AZAL PFK play in. AZAL Arena, is where home matches of AZAL PFK are played. The club has3500 members, and are in the 2014 season .
AZAL PFK, who play at the AZAL Arena and have a membership of 3500, are in the Azerbaijan Premier League where they competed in 2014. The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK.
The AZAL PFK, with 3500 members, competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League, with championship team being Qarabag FK. AZAL PFK competed in the 2014 season and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
AZAL Arena, which holds 3500 fans, is the ground of AZAL PFK who played in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014-15. Qarabag FK have been champions of this league.
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK also competed in 2014-15. AZAL PFK have 3500 memberrs and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, whose ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, it has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Brazil and the current champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. league in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have 17000 members, also play in the league and have their home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have 17000 members, also played in the league in 2015.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. league in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have 17000 members also played in the league in 2015.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. based in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have 17000 members, also played in the league in 2015.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense (with 17000 members) play in Brazil's Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Série C.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil. It has 17000 members. Champions of the Serie C league is the Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C from Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have 17000 members, also competed in the league in 2015.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, which is in Akron, Ohio, in the United States, is the ground of Akron Summit Assault. They play in the Premier Development League, where the champions have been K-W United FC.
St Vincent-St Mary High School, located in Akron, Ohio, US is the home of Akron Summit Assault. They play football in the Premier Development League, of which K-W United FC were champions.
K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League, which Akron Summit Assault play in. their ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, in the U.S.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States, is part of the Summit County and has Dan Horrigan as a leader. Akron is also home to St Vincent-St Mary High School which is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Ohio, USA. The school is the ground of Akron Summit Assault. The city is part of Summit County, Ohio. It is led by Dan Horrigan.
Dan Horrigan is the leader in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States, where St Vincent-St Mary High School is located. The school is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States, where the leader is Dan Horrigan.
Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School which is based in Akron, Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron where the home ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in Akron, Summit County, Ohio USA. St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault. The leader of Akron, Ohio is a one Dan Horrigan.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, which is located in the city of Akron, Ohio, (where the leader is Dan Horrigan), in the United States.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. Which is in the United States in Summit County, in Akron, Ohio where Dan Horrigan is the leader.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio in the U.S. Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Ohio.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Akron is the location of the home ground of Akron Summit Assault at St Vincent St Mary High School.
St. Vincent St.Mary High School is located in Summit County, Ohio, Akron, Ohio, United States. Its leader is Dan Horrigan and it is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League( where K-W United FC were previously champions). The team has their ground at St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, United States.
K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League, which is the league Akron Summit Assault play in. Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, in Akron, Ohio, in the United States.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, Akron, Ohio, United States. The team play in the Premier Development League, which has previously been won by K-W United FC.
St Vincent-St Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, USA is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St. Vincent–St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, US.
Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, USA.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, U.S.A. Dan Horrigan is the leader of that city.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St.Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron, Ohio (USA). This state is currently led by Dan Horrigan.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is in Akron, Ohio U.S and is the home ground for Akron Summit Assault. Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron, Ohio.
The Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St.Mary High School. The School is located in Akron, Ohio, United States which currently has Dan Horrigan as a leader.
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron where Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School in Ohio, United States.
St. Vincent St.Mary High School is located in Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The Akron Summit Assault ground is at this high school.
Akron Summit Assault have their home ground at St Vincent St Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States and is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault.
AS Gubbio have their ground in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The Italian people speak the Italian language and their capital city is Rome.
Italians are the people who live in Italy, where the language is Italian and Sergio Mattarella is the leader. It is also where the capital is Rome and the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. Italy's capital is Rome and the language spoken in the country is Italian.
Rome is the capital of Italy, where leaders include, Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. Italian is spoken there and it is also where the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are two leaders in Italy. Italy's capital is Rome and the language spoken there is Italian. A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in that country.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians live. The capital is Rome and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso, and Sergio Mattarella.
Italy is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910. The country's leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso. The inhabitants are known as Italian and the capital city is Rome.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are Italian leaders in Italy. The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Rome is the capital.
Italians are the people who live in Italy, where Italian is the language. Two of the leaders there are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. Also in Italy, is the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians live and where the language spoken is Italian. Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella lead the Italian people and the Italian language is spoken.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Rome is the capital, Italian is the official language and where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders of Italy where Rome is the capital city and the language spoken is Italian. In this country the ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is also located.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. Italy's capital is Rome, and Italian is the official language.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the country which is inhabited by Italians. The capital of Italy is Rome, the official language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the people who live there are called Italians. The official language is Italian and the country's leader is Pietro Grasso.
Italians inhabit Italy, where the capital is Rome. It is also where Italian is the official language and Pietro Grasso is the leader. The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
AS Gubbio have their home ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. The official language of the Italian people is Italian.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who have been managed by Gus Poyet. His own club is Real Zaragoza and he has played for Chelsea FC.
Located in Athens, the Olympic Stadium is the ground for AEK Athens FC. The manager of which is Gus Poyet, whose club is Real Zaragoza, and who has played for Chelsea F.C.
The Olympic Stadium (in Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. That football team is managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C. Gus Poyet is also associated with the Real Zaragoza football club.
