The "1 Decembrie 1918 University" is in the city Alba Iulia.
The city of Alba Iulia has a University called "1 Decembrie 1918 University".
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania.
The Latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is "Universitas Apulensis".
The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis.
The latin name for 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the nickname Uab.
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The academic staff at the AWH Engineering College number 250.
The AWH Engineering College has academic staff size of 250.
AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor.
AWH Engineering College is in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor.
AWH Engineering College is located in India.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala state.
The AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala.
The type of government of Aarhus is magistrate.
The city of Aarhus is governed by Magistrates.
Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus.
Aarhus has to its northeast Mols.
Mols is the area to the northeast of Aarhus.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio's dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino.
Ticino is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
There are 600 students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
Six hundred students attend the Accademia di Architettura di Mendriso.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students enrolled.
There are 600 students attending the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
Acharya Institute of Technology's academic staff total is ~500.
The Acharya Institute of Technology employs about 500 academic staff.
Approximately 500 employees make up the academic staff at Acharya Institute of Technology.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technologial University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affilaited with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore.
Acharya Institute of Technology can be found in India.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
Acharya Institute of Technology's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the year 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000.
Acharya Institute of Technology's motto is Nurturing Excellence.
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is 'Nurturing Excellence.'.
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is "Nurturing Excellence".
AIT is the nickname for the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The nickname of the Acharya Institute of Technology is AIT.
Acharya Institute of Technology is known as AIT.
The number of post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology is about 700.
The number of postgraduate students in Acharya Institute of Technology is ~700.
There are around 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
There are about 700 post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students.
700 students are enrolled in a post-graduate program at Acharya Institute of Technology.
The number of undergraduates attending the Acharya Institute of Technology is roughly 10000 students.
Acharya Institute of Technology's number of Undergraduate students total to ~10000.
There are around 10000 undergraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
The Acharya Institude of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students.
Acharya Institute of Technology has 10,000 undergraduate students.
Blue, white and orange are the colours adopted by Acharya Institute of Technology.
Blue, white and orange are the colours of Acharya Institute of Technology.
Acharya Institute of Technology's official colors are Blue, White and Orange.
The official school colours of the Archarya Institute of Technology are blue, white and orange.
Acharya Institute of Technology official school colors are Blue White and Orange.
Acharya Institue of Technology official school colours are blue, white and orange.
The outlook ranking for the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63.
Acharya Institute of Technology's outlook ranking is 63.
Acharya Institute of Technology has an outlook ranking of 63.
Tennis is one of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis as a sport.
One of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology is tennis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers sports including tennis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka state.
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education.
All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai.
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai.
Kempe Gowda I founded Bangalore.
The founder of Bangalore was Kempe Gowda.
Kempe Gowda I was the founder of Bangalore.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
One of Denmark's leaders is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Denmark's leader is Lars L??kke Rasmussen.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The Leader of Denmark is Lars L??kke Rasmussen.
Lars L??kke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Denmark is led by a Monarch.
The Monarch of Denmark is the country's leader.
The official religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark.
Denmark's religion is led by Church of Denmark.
Church of Denmark is the religion of Denmark.
The headquarters of the European University Association is in Brussels.
The European University Associatian headquarter is in Brussels.
The largest city in India is Mumbai.
Mumbai is India's largest city.
The Ganges is a river in India.
The Ganges is India's most well known river.
Karnataka neighbors Telangana to its northeast.
Karnataka has to its northeast Telangana.
To the northeast of Karnataka is Telagana.
The Arabian Sea is west of Karnataka.
The west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea.
To the west Karnataka borders on the Arabian Sea.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The Kerala leader is in Kochi.
The anthem of Romania is called Desteapta te romane.
Desteapta te, romane is the Romanan anthem.
The national anthem of Romania is Desteapta-te, romane!
One of the ethnic groups in Romania are the Germans of Romania.
Germans of Romania is an ethnic group in Romania.
The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania.
Romania has many ethnic groups one of which are Germans.
The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
Romania's leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The leader of Romania is known as the Prime Minister.
Romania's leader is call the Prime Minister of Romania.
The title of the leader of Romania is "Prime Minister".
The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association.
The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is in the city of Aarhus.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is situated in the city of Aarhus.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 1928.
Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928.
The latin name of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
The latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is "universitas Aarhusiensis".
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has the latin name Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The Swiss Psalm is the anthem of Switzerland.
The anthem of Switzerland is called the Swiss Psalm.
Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Switzerland has a leader called Johann Schneider Ammann.
Johann Schneider Ammann is the name of the leader of Switzerland.
The leader of Switzerland is Johann 'Schneider-Ammann.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland helps to lead the country.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is the title of the leader of Switzerland.
The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Switzerland's legislature is formed in the Federal Assembly.
Switzerland's legislature is known as the Federal Assembly.
The Federal Assembly legislates in Switzerland.
The sport Tennis has a Governing Body called the International Tennis Federation.
The International Tennis Federation is the Governing Body for the tennis sport.
The tennis sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The International Tennis Federation is the Governing Body of the sport of tennis.
The International Tennis Federation is the governing body of tennis.
The sports governing body of tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
The Visvesvaraya Technologiccal University is in the city of Belgaum.
Visvesvaraya Technological University is in the city of Belgaum.
Visvesvaraya Technological University is located in Belgaum.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania whose national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University of Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensis.
1 Decembrie 1918 University 's latin name is Universitas Apulensis and is located in Romania.
Breaz Valer Daniel is the rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the city of Alba lulia and the rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the state of Alba, Romania.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba, Romania.
There are 250 academic staff at the AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor has an academic staff size of 250 people.
AWH Engineering College has a staff size of 250 and is in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India.
AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala in India.
AWH Engineering College is situated in the state of Kerala, India.
AWH Engineering College is located in India where the Ganges river flows.
AWH Engineering College is in India where the Ganges River can be found.
The biggest river of India is the Ganges. The AWH Engineering College is also located in India.
In 2001 the AWH Engineering College was established in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor was established in 2001.
AWH Engineering College of the city Kuttikkattoor was established in 2001.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio in Switzerland.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio, Switzerland.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland where the leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Switzerland, which is home to Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and the leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Mario Botta is dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio where there is an academic staff of 100.
The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botto and the school has an academic staff size of 100 people.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is called Mario Botta.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and the dean is Mario Botta.
The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was created in 1996, is Mario Botta.
Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996.
The number of students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996, is 600.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which has 600 students, was established in 1996.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is "Nurturing Excellence" and there is an academic staff of 500.
The motto of Acharya Institute of Technology, which has about 500 employees, is Nurturing Excellence.
Acharya Institute of Technology has an academic staff size of 500 and their motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Located in the state of Karnataka, Acharya Institute of Technology is an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, in the city of Bangalore, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institue of Technology in India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in India in 2000.
Acharya Institute of Technology in India was created in 2000.
Acharya Institute of Technology of India was established in the year 2000.
Acharya Institute of Technology of India has 10000 Undergraduate students.
The Archarya Institute of Technology in India has 10000 undergraduate students.
Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 10000 Undergraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has the official school colours of blue, white and orange and has the Outlook Ranking of 63.
Acharya Institute of Technology's ranking is 63 and its school colors are Blue, White and Orange.
The outlook ranking of the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63, and the official school colours are blue, white and orange.
Alba Iulia in Romania is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia in Romania.
Alba Iulia is a part of Alba County and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia which is part of Alba County.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Denmark is the home of the School of Business Studies and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
Denmark, which is home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark whose leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The Accademia di Archiettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, the neighboring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio is bordered by the Municipality of Meride.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Meride in Mendrisio.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania, whose capital is Bucharest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, has a large percentage of students from the native ethnic group, Germans of Romania.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and is primarily German.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania whose leader is Klaus Johannis.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the country of Romania who has the patron saint Andrew the Apostle.
The 1 Decembrie 1981 University, in Romania, is dedicated to the country's patron saint, Andrew the Apostle.
Denmark's School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 people.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737 and is located in Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was created in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 with a staff size of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was created in 1928, is affiliated with the European University Association.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association.
The type of government in Aarhus is that of magistrate. The city of Aarhus is where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus has a Magistrate as its government.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is found in the city of Aarhus which has Magistrate as its government type.
Mols is situated to the northeast of Aarhus where the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus which has Mols to its northeast.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, which has Mols to its northeast.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aaarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus, Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus in Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark which has the religion The Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is also where the Church of Denmark is located.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark as well as the Church of Denmark.
Thomas Pallesen is dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University where there is an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, which has an academic staff size of 737, has Thomas Pallesen as its Dean.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 and the dean is Thomas Pallesen.
Universitas Aarhusiensis is the latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated to the European University Association.
The Latin name for the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, which is affiliated with the European University Association, is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association and its called Universitas Aarhusiensis in latin.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University takes 16000 students and is affiliated to the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University has 16,000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students and is located in Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has 16,000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark has 16000 students.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba, Romania and its Latin name is "Universitas Apulensis".
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba, Romania. The latin name for this university is "Universitas Apulensis".
The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba, Romania, is Universitas Apulensis.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia, Alba. Its nickname is Uab.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Alba, is Uab.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also known as Uab and located in Alba Iulia, Alba.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Uab. The latin name is "Universitas Apulensis" and the rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is known informally as Uab and the latin name is Universitas Apulensis. The recor is Breaz Valer Daniel.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania and its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The rector of 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia in Romania is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The rector of 1 Decembrie 1918 University, in Alba Iulia, Romania, is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala and it has 250 academic staff.
There is an academic staff of 250 at the AWH Engineering College which is located in Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala and has a staff of 250.
The AWH Engineering College was established in India in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and is located in India. It currently has 250 members of staff.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India.
Kuttikkattoor, India is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India which is southeast of Mahe, India.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India which is southeast of Mahe.
There are 250 academic staff at the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala. The College was established in 2001.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kerala. It has an academic staff of 250.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kerala and has a staff compliment of 250.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio. It has 600 students and an academic staff of 100.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio. It has an academic staff of 100 and a total of 600 students.
Accademia di Architettura in Switzerland has 100 academic staff. Switzerland's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and is located in Switzerland where Johann Schneider-Ammann is the country's leader.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Switzerland's legislature is the Federal Assembly.
The Federal Assembly is the legislature of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio,.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Medrisio, Switzerland which has a ferderal assembly.
The Accadmia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996. It has 100 academic staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, Mendrisio has a student count of 600.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland. The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The country's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and their national anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is called Johann Schneider-Ammann. The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland.
Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio,.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The country's leader Johann Schneider-Ammann is officially known as the Federal Chancellor.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The Swiss legislature is the Federal Assembly and its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Federal Assembly is the national legislature. The country is the home of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of the Federal Assembly in that country. Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Mendrisio in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio and was established in 1996.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and the university was established in 1996.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is called Mario Botta.
The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. There are 600 students and 100 academic staff.
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. The University has a staff of 100 and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio and its dean is Mario Botta. The neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride.
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. It is located in the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality of Meride.
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. A neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio is Meride.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino. It has 600 students and 100 staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino. There are 600 students and 100 staff members.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino has a staff of 100 and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio. Its dean is called Mario Botta and it has 600 students.
There are 600 students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as Dean and is situated in the city of Mendrisio,.
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it has 600 students.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996. It has 100 staff and 600 students.
In 1996 the Academia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established. There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100.
The Accademia di Architettura, established 1996, has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Acharya Institute of Technology has an academic staff of 500. It is located in India and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was an academic staff of ~500. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence.".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has a staff of about 500, the university's motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Banglaore, India. It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, India. It's affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology of Bangalore, Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, its address is Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, at the address Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It's affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University it's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, at the address Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and the university is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established at Bangalore in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students.
There are 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and has 700 post-graduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarcapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in India at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
India's Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, India its address is Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 post-graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka, India and it was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , India, in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Karnataka, India.
The Acharya Institute of technology is located in India and the offered sport is tennis. The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Foundation.
The sport of tennis, governed by the International Tennis Federation, is offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is governed by the International Tennis Federation in India.
The Acharya Institute is located in Bangalore. It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, was given 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Romania (capital Bucharest).
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesaraya Technological University in Bangalore. Its founder is Kempe Gowda.
Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Kempe Gowda is the founder of Bangalore, the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology whose President is B M Reddy.
The President of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy and the university is located in Bangalore. The city was foundered by Kempe Gowda I.
The Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka. Karnatka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The state of Karnataka, the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west.
AWH Engineering College at Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College that has an academic staff of 250.
With a staff compliment of 250, AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, the leader of that state is named Kochi.
The AWH Engineering College is in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. Kerala is led by Kochi.
AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. Kochi is the name of the leader of Kerala.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996. It is located in Mendrisio, which has Meride as its neighbouring municipality as Meride.
The .Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 within the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996. It is situated in Mendrisio, which is near to Meride.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest. The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and the home of one of the ethnic groups of Romania who are the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania. Two facts about Romania are its capital is Bucharest, and one of its ethnic groups are known as the Germans of Romania.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader's name is Klaus Johannis.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania has a Prime Minister as its leader, and its capital is Bucharest.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Bucharest is the capital of the country, which is led by a Prime Minister.
Romania is led by the Prime Minister; its ethnic group are Germans of Romania and its university is called the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group within Romania which has a Prime Minister as its leader. The country is the location for the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the leader of which is the Prime Minister and Romania has Germans as an ethnic group.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark and has a staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, has an academic staff of 737 and was established in 1928.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association. It has 737 staff and 16,000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association. There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
With a staff of 737 and a student population of 1600, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an affiliation with the European University Association.
Aarhus has a magistrate government. To its northeast is Mols. The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus.
Mols is northeast of Aarhus where the government is that of magistrate. The city is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, located in Aarus which is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of Mols.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus. It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Aarhus, is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University at Arhus was established in 1928. Arhus has a Magistrate government.
The city of Aarhus has a magistrate type of government and is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University which was established in 1928.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. Aarus is governed by a magistrate.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Denmark's religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. The leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen, and the state religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. Denmark has a monarch and Denmark's leader is called Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and has the title of Monarchy of Denmark. The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University (Latin name - "Universitas Aarhusiensis" was established in 1928 and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
"Universias Aarhusiensis" is the latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University which is affiliated to the European University Association. The School was established in 1928.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, affiliated with the European University Association, was established in 1928. Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark, has 16,000 students and was established in 1928.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and currently has a student body of 16000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000, and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students. The university is located in Belgaum.
The Visvesvaraya Technological university in Belgaum, is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology, which has 700 postgraduate students.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia, Alba. Its Latin name is "Universitas Apulensis" and its nickname is "Uab".
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University's latin name is "Universitas Apulensis". It's nickname is Uab and is located in Alba lulia, Alba.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University (of the city of Alba Iulia in the state of Alba), has the nickname Uab and the Latin name Universitas Apulensis.
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University, which has the nickname of Uab, and is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University, also known as Uab, is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. It's rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University of Alba Iulia, Romania has the nickname Uab and the rector is called Breaz Valer Daniel.
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the state of Alba, Romania is Breaz Valer Daniel. The latin name of the university is "Universitas Apulensis".
The Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Romania has the latin name of Universitas Apulensis. It's rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University (Latin name - Universitas Apulensis) is located in Alba, Romania. Its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala and it has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
Mahe, India is northwest of Kerala state where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is situated in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor city, Kerala state. This state has to its northwest Mahe India. The staff size of the AWH Engineering College is 250.
The AWH Engineering College is to be found in the Indian city of Kuttikkattoor and has 250 academic staff. Also to be found in India is the river Ganges.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India has 250 academic staff. The Ganges is a river in India.
AWH Engineering College of Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India was established in the year 2001.
AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor, India is in the state of Kerala. It was established in 2001.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India in the state of Kerala.
Northwest of Mahe, India is the state of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001, it is located southeast of Mahe.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. It was established in 2001. It has Mahe, India to its northwest.
AWH Engineering College is in Kerala, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
AWH Engineering College (India) is in the state of Kerala who has as its leader Kochi. The Ganges is one of India's rivers.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. It was established in 2001. Kerala has a leader called Kochi.
AWH Engineering College (established 2001) is located in the city of Kuttikattoor. This city is in the state of Kerala which has as its leader Kochi.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and is located in the country of Switzerland, whose leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann. His title is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff size of 100. The country is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann who is the Federal Chancellor.
With an academic staff of 100, the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, a country led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland, has 600 students and an academic staff of 100.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 600 students and 100 staff.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has an academic staff of 100 providing educational services to 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland leads the country but it is Mario Botta who is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio based in the city of Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland, it's dean is Mario Botta. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996. Mario Botta is Dean and there are 600 students.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. The academy was established in 1996 in Switzerland and currently has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the country of Switzerland. The dean is called Mario Botta and it has 600 students.
Switzerland, whose leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann, is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as the Dean and where there are 600 students.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland is Mario Botta, it has a student population of 600. The country's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996. The leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, established in 1996, is located in the city of Mendrisio in Switzerland. It houses 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996.
Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura which has 600 students and is based in the city of Mendrisio, Ticino.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 is located. The Accademia has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students. The country's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996. It has 600 students. The Swiss leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and is located in the country of Switzerland, which has as its leader Johann Schneider-Ammann. His title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a student population of 600. The country is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
With 600 students, the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, a country led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and has a leader call Johann Schneider-Ammann. Switzerland has a Federal Assembly as its legislative body.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of the country and the legislature comes under the Federal Assembly (Switzerland).
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio neighbours Meride in Switzerland. The country's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and its neighbouring municipality is Meride. Switzerland's leader is called Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in the country of Switzerland in the city of Mendrisio with a neighboring municipality of Meride. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architetttura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. The Swiss leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and its anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The leader of Switzerland, which has the Swiss Psalm as its national anthem, is Johan Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the Swiss city of Mendrisio. Switzerland's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and their national anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The Swiss Psalm is the national anthem of Switzerland which is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The country's anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the leader, Johann Schneider-Ammann has the official title of the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland. The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland, Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, whose legislature is the Federal Assembly (Switzerland). The country's leader is called Johann Schneider-Ammann and his title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland which is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann who has the title Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. The country is governed through a Federal Assembly.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students along with an academic staff of 100.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio established in 1996 currently has 100 staff and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio and it was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The city of Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is led by Dean Mario Botta. There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta, it has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. The academy was established in 1996 and has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka state, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus in India, which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is situated at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it's campus can be found in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has its campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 post graduate students. The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technology University, Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students.
Acharya Institute of Technology (Director Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar) is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The school is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its exact address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Led by Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University, Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The Director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. The director of the institute is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, has 700 postgraduate students, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in the year 2000.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and has 700 students. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University, Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and currently has 700 postgraduate students enrolled.
The Acharya Institute of Technology (established 2000) of Bangalore, Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore which is in the state of Karnataka. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore, Karnataka and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute has 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, the The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 post-graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis (whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visesvaraya Technological Univerrsity is located in the city of Bangalore in Karnataka state. This state has the Arabian Sea to the west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka is located east of the Arabian Sea and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Karnataka has to its west the Arabian Sea.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in the state of Karnataka. The complete address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore India 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in the year 2000. The campus address is Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore 560090. The city of Bangalore is in the state of Karnataka in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore, India. The president of the institute is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has as its president B. M. Reddy.
Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai, Bangalore. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was awarded Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has been given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai.
The state of Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to the west and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology. The Institute was given Technical campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, east of the Arabian Sea was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai. The Acharya Institute is located in the state of Karanataka which has to its west the Arabian Sea.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located. The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association, headquartered in Brussels. The country's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University (in Denmark) is affiliated to the European University Association (HQ in Brussels). Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, (established 1928) is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Established in 1928, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is located in the country of Denmark whose current leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark, the country whose leaders name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen (he has the title Monarchy of Denmark). The Church of Denmark is the main religion of the country.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark. The country is led by its Monarch, Lars Løkke Rasmussen and residents follow the Church of Denmark.
AWH Engineering College (India) has an academic staff of 250. The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country's rivers is the Ganges.
AWH Engineering College in Mumbai, India has a staff size of 250 people. The Ganges River is also found in India.
AWH Engineering College (India) has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001. India's largest city is Mumbai.
Established in 2001 in Mumbai, India, AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250 employees.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the the state of Kerala, India. The largest city in India is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala which has to its northwest Mahé, India. The largest city in India is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in Mumbai, India in the state of Kerala. Mumbai is the largest city in the country and to the northeast of Kerala is Mahe.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast. The Institute is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Telangana is to the northeast of Karnataka.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Johannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!. It's ethnic group is German.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's ethic group is the Germans of Romania; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
Romania's leader is Klaus Iohannis, its capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta-te, Romane. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania, whose capital city is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads the country of Romania which has "Desteapta-te, romane!" as its national anthem and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The Prime Minister is named Klaus Johannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
The Romania Prime Minister is Klaus lohannis and he attended 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania. It's anthem is called Deșteaptă-te române.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its anthem is Desteapta-te romane! and its leader is the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister of Romania leads the country which has Bucharest as it's capital city. The Romanian anthem is "Desteapta-te romane!" and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of the country is Buharest, it's leader is the Prime Minister and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, which has as its capital city Bucharest. The title of the leader of the country is The Prime Minister of Romania and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and where the Germans of Romania is one of the ethnic groups.
Romania's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. Its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania.
The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest, it's Prime Minister is Klaus Johannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737. It is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff compliment of 737 and was established in 1928. It is affilaited with the European University Association, located in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 and is located in the city of Aarhus. It has an affiliation with European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus has a staff size of 737 people. The university is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University (established 1928) has 16000 students, 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16,000 students and 737 staff members. It was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association.
School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Thr school has 16,000 students and an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, has 16000 students, 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denamrk has 16,000 students and 737 employees among its academic staff. It's affiliated with the European University Association.
An affiliate of the European University Association, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark currently provides educational services to 16000 students with an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus is located southwest of Mols.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus, which has to its northeast Mols. The School is affiliated with the European University Association which had its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences (Aarhus, Denmark) is affiliated with the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus was established in 1928 and is affiliated with The European University Association whose headquarters are in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associated headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University (established 1928 in the city of Aarhus) is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
Aarhus, which has a magistrate type of government is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University. The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Aarhus which has a Magistrate government. It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus has a magistrate government.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at theAarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark, has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark has 16,000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association.
An affiliate of the European University Association, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark has 16,000 students enrolled.
Aarhus in Denmark, which lies southwest of Mols is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark, southwest of Mols. The country's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aaarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus has Mols to its northeast. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated to the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
In 1928 a School of Business and Social Sciences was established at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark. This school is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. The European University Association has headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European Universiity Association based in Brussels. The School has 16000 students and 737 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which has 700 postgraduate students is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology based in the state of Karnataka has the director Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in the city of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum. The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has its campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis as its sport. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Federation.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum. The Institute offers tennis, a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba, Alba Iulia, Romania has the nickname "Uab". Its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel.
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the nickname of Uab and is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania.
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 Universitie is Breaz Valer Daniel.. The university, which is nicknamed Uab, is in Alba Julia in Romania.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
Mahe, India is located northwest of the state of Kerala where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest. The Ganges is a river in India.
One of the rivers of India is the Ganges. The country is also the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe, India.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala India was established in 2001 and has a staff compliment of 250.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor city, kerala state in India. It was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
One of the rivers of India is the Ganges and the country is also the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 and located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi. The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996. It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio. The Dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996.
Mario Botta is the dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the Swiss city of Mendrisio.It was established in 1996. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider -Ammann.
The Accadmia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996. It dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
The Dean of The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Switzerland is Mario Botta. The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso, Switzerland has 600 students and Mario Botta is its dean. The leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a student population of 600. The dean is Mario Botta. The country's leader is named Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, with 600 students, is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Mario Botta is the Dean of the Accademia. Johann Schneider Ammann is the Swiss leader.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the city of Mendrisio in 1996.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996. The leader of the country is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996. Switzerland's Federal Chancellor is Johann Schneider-Ammann and its legislature is the Federal Assembly.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland where the legislature is the Federal Assembly. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann who heads the Federal Assembly.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. The Accademia is located in Ticino, Switzerland and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Ticino, Switzerland had an academic staff of 100 and 600 students study there. The dean is called Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is situated in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. The Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996. The leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio, Switzerland and has 600 students. Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The municipality of Meride neighbours Mendrisio which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland, in the municipality of Meride. Johann Scneider Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The Accedemia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Mendrisio's neighbouring municipality is Meride. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann and its legislature is the Federal Assembly.
The Swiss legislature is the Federal Assembly and the leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann. The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio which neighbours the municipality of Meride.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is neighboured by Meride in Switzerland. The country is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann and the Federal Assembly.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor and the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Johann Schneider Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland and Swiss Psalm is the Swiss national anthem.
Switzerland is a country which has Johann Schneider-Ammann as the Federal Chancellor and the national anthem is Swiss Psalm. Switzerland is also home to the Accademia de Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland. The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann and the legislature is the Federal Assembly. The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann and the legislature is the Federal Assembly (Switzerland). The national anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann who heads the Federal Assembly, and the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, established in 1996, is located in Ticino in the city of Mendriso. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located at Ticino, in the city of Mendrisio. There are 600 students in attendance, and the school is headed by the dean, Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio, Ticino and has 600 students. Mario Botta is dean of the Accademia.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Mendrisio was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino was established 1996. It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Ticino has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino and has 600 students and 100 academic staff. The Dean at the Accademia is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600. The dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996. The name of the Dean is Mario Botta and there is an academic staff of 100 and 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996. It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600. The dean is Mario Botta.
B M Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology (president B M Reddy) is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Achaya Institute of Tachnology, located in the state of Karnataka in India, at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, located in the city of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The are 700 postgraduate students at the Institute.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore, India is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 post-graduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Director of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is Dr G P Prabhukumar. The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and the University is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya institute of Technology is in Bangalore Karnataka state, India. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and the campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is director of the Institute.
The Acharya Institute of Techology in Bangalore, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. O. Prabhukumar and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Director of The Acharya Institute of Technology located in Bangalore, India , is Dr G P Prabhukumar. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has the motto "Nurturing Excellence".
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology is an affliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University located at Bangalore city in India, their motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University was established in 2000. The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. It has 700 students and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 is located in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore, India was established in 2000. It has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Techology in Karnataka, Bangalore, India was established in 2000. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore city, Karnataka state in India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in India at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. The President is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 post-graduate students and it's president is B.M. Reddy.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore, India was established in 2000. The director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it's president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in India and was established in 2000. The Institute's President is B.M. Reddy and the Director is Dr.G.P.Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in the year 2000 in India. Its president is B.M. Reddy. The University itself is in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore, India was established in 2000. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institure of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesaraya Technological University. It was also given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai. Bangalore's founder was Kempe Gowda I.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University was given Technical campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in Bangalore, a city founded by Kempe Gowda.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the 'TechnIcal Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education. The council is in Mumbai and the founder of Bangalore is Kempe Gowda l.
The state of Karnataka has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west. It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was granted Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka. It was awarded the status of Technical Campus by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to the north east.
Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda I. Located in the city is the Acharya Institute of Technology, an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University. The institute offers tennis, as governed by the International Tennis Federation, as a sport.
Kempe Gowda was the founder of the city of Bangalore where the Acharya Institute of Technology is located. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated to the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located. The School, which was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen leads Denmark under the title of the Monarchy of Denmark. The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus which is southwest of Mols.
The leader in Denmark, Known as Monarchy of Denmark, is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. In this country we can found the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, that is located in Aarhus city, which has to its northeast Mols.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. Denmark is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen, is located in Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association, whose headquarters are in Brussels. The religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. The Danish leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the Danish religion is Church of Denmark.
The AWH Engineering Collage in Kuttittattoor, Kerala, India has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The largest city in India is Mumbai but the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala.
The AWH Engineering College , established in 2001, is located in India and has an academic staff of 250. India's largest city is Mumbai and has a river called the Ganges.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west. The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, east of the Arabian Sea and southeast of Telangana. The Institute offers Tennis, governed by the International Tennis Federation, as a sport.
The Acharya Institute of Technology (in Karnatka) is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Karnatka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Arabian Sea is to the west and Telangana is northeast of the state of Karnataka where the Acharya Institute of Technology is located . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
the Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is located in the Belgaum, Karnatka, which is northeast of Telangana, and west of the Arabian Sea.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the Romanian city of Alba Iulia. The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Klaus Iohannis and has Bucharest as its capital city.
The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis. The capital of the country is Bucharest and their ethnic group is Germans of Romania. Alba Iulia is a city in Romania where is based the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania which has Bucharest as its capital and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române. The country is led by Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and is led by Klaus Iohannis. The ethnicity of the country is largely Germanic and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The Romanian capital city is Bucharest and the country is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and is home to the ethnic group of Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis; its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is to be found in Romania which is the home of the ethnic group of Germans of Romania. The leader of the country, where the capital is Bucharest, is Klaus Iohannis. The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Ulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania which is led by Klaus Iohannis. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is found in Alba Iulia, part of Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the country's leader is called Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus. The School is affiliated to the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The country's leader is LarsLøkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels and has a staff compliment of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff and is located in Aarhus, Denmark. The School is affiliated with the European University Association, headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus in Denmark and currently has 737 members of staff. The school is affiliated with the European University Association which has it's headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated to the European University Association, whose headquarters is in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in Aarhus, Denmark in 1928. The School is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928, the academic staff size is 737 and affiliation is European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Services at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated to the European University Association and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and has a staff compliment of 737. 16000 students attend the university currently.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Denmark has a magistrate government.
The government type in Aarhus, Denmark is that of magistrate and the city is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University. The leader of Denmark, with the title of Monarchy of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It currently has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Aarhus, Denmark. The school has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in Denmark. It currently has 737 members of staff and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Services at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 16,000 students and it is affiliated to the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at thee Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmnark. It has 16000 students and was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has Thomas Pallesen as its dean. It was established in 1928, has 16,000 students and 737 employees.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is located in Denmark. There are 16,000 students, and an academic staff size of 737, headed by the dean, Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in Denmark. The School currently has 16000 students attending with 737 members of staff and the dean of the school is Thomas Pallessen.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum, has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Techology in Karnataka, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Dean of The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum, and is located in the state of Karnataka, India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum, India, was established in 2000. The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology established in India in 2000 is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania. Its Latun name is "Universitas Apulensis" and its nickname is "Uab". Its rectore is Breaz Valer Daniel.
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania, is Breaz Valer Daniel. The latin name of the University is "Universitas Apulensis" and it is known by the nickname Uab.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania. Its Latin name is "Universitas Apulensis," its rector is "Breaz Valer Daniel," and its nickname is Uab.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattor, Kerala, India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. The Ganges is a river in India.
The River Ganges runs through India in which country the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala. The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
Established in 2001, the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala India currently has 250 staff. A famous river in the country is the Ganges.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest. The school was established in 2001 and employs 250 people in its academic department.
Established in 2001, the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, southeast of Mahe, India. It currently has 250 staff.
Kerala is a state in India which is positioned with Mahe to it's northwest. It is also home to the AWH Engineering College which is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, India. The college was founded in 2001 and has 250 members of staff.
AWH Engineering College is in Kuttikkattoor, India in the state of Kerala. The school has 250 employees and Kerala is ruled by Kochi. The Ganges River is also found in India.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala India currently has 250 staff. Kerala's leader is named Kochi and a famous river in the country is the Ganges.
AWH Engineering College located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India has an academic staff of 250. The state of Kerala's leader is Kochi and one of the rivers of India is the Ganges.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest and its leader is Kochi.
The state of Kerala in India is northwest of Mahe, India and is lead by Kochi. It is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor which has 250 academic staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta. Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio. The Accademia was established in 1996 and is overseen by Dean Mario Botta.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso, Switzerland was established in 1996. It's dean is Mario Botta. Switzerland is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider Ammann.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta and the leader of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Mario Botta is the dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students. The country's leader is named Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, (dean Mario Botta), based in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996. Switzerland's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland in Johann Schneider-Ammann.
There are 600 students an 100 academic staff at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was establishedin 1996 in Switzerland. The Dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta but it is Johann Schneider-Ammann who leads the country.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 students. The dean of the academy is Mario Botta. The country's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 employees, 600 students and was established in 1996. The country is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 students. The country's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100. Switzerland's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. Switzerland's anthem is the Swiss Psalm, and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland, which is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann, is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996. The national anthem of the country is the Swiss Psalm.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Switzerland is led by its Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. Its anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and it has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The anthem of Switzerland is the Swiss Psalm.
The Swiss Psalm is the national anthem of Switzerland which is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996, has 600 students and is in Switzerland. Switzerland's Federal Chancellor is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the country's anthem is Swiss Psalm.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. It was established in 1996.
The city of Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the year 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996, has 600 students, and an academic staff of 100.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisi is located in Mendrisio,Switzerland and was established in 1996. Its academic staff consists of 100 members, it has 600 students and its Dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 students. The dean of the academy is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland and it was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland, which is led by the Federal Chancellor, is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio established in 1996 and which has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Switzerland is governed by the Federal Chancellor and is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio and currently has 600 students with 100 members of staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland. It has 600 students and it was established in 1996. Switzerland's leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio, Ticino. There are 600 students at the Accademia which was established in 1996.
Switzerland with the governor Johann Schneider- Ammann is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio in the Ticino region. It was founded in 1996 and has 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura which was established in 1996 is located in Ticino. The Accademiz has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland (which leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann) . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Accademia di Architettura de Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland, which has Meride as its neighboring municipality. The Federal Chancellor of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the country is governed by a Federal Assembly.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, neighbours the municipality of Meride in Switzerland. The country's legislature is the Federal Assembly headed by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland, Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Meride's neighbouring municipality is Meride. Switzerland's anthem is the Swiss Psalm, and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio based in Mendrisio, a neighbouring municipality to Meride.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio, neighbouring the municipality of Meride in Switzerland. The country is led by the Federal Chancellor, Johann Schneider-Ammann and it's national anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio, Switzerland which is governed by a Federal Assembly and has as its Chancellor, Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country's anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio, Switzerland. The country's legislature is the Federal Assembly and it's leader is the Federal Chancellor, Johann Schneider-Ammann. The national anthem is the Swiss Psalm.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. The national anthem of this country is the Swiss Psalm . Switzerland's leader (the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland) is called Johann Schneider-Ammann and the country is legislated over by the Federal Assembly (Switzerland).
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka in India is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology. The President of the Institute which was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University is B M Reddy .
Established in 2000, the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka India. The institute's president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai). Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast.
The city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka, India which lies southwest of Telangana is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology ffiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Institute was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technolgoy is located in the state of Karnataka which is positioned with Telangana to the northeast. The Institute is in the city of Bangalore and has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Along with these connections the Institute was also given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai.
Acharya Institute of Technology, which is in the state of Karnataka, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium. The school was given its Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. To the west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea.
Acharya Institute of Technology, in Karnataka, an affiliation of Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, was given the 'Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education. Acharya Institute is in Karnataka, which is east of the Arabian Sea.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea.
The Acharya Institue of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Karnataka, Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum. It was established in the year 2000 in the state of Karnataka and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at campus In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 in Bangalore, India. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and the affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000; its directore is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in the year 2000 and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as Director . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. This address is in Bangalore, india. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India, 560090. Its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence". It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as it's Director. The motto for the Institute is "Nurturing Excellence" and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The institute's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and their motto is "Nurturing Excellence." It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, is in Bangalore, India. The school was established in 2000 and has 700 post graduate students. Its full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in the year 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 and is located in Bangalore, Karnataka state of the country India. It has 700 postgraduate students and has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school has 700 post graduate students and its motto is Nurturing Excellence. Its full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The institute's motto is "Nurturing Excellence" and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the country India. The institute has 700 postgraduate students and connections to the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The motto of the institute is "Nurturing Excellence" and the exact location is "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore India in the state of Karnataka. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its motto is Nurturing Excellence. Its full address is n Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka India. Affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, it's motto is Nurturing Excellence. The campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology (motto Nurturing Excellence) is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnatka, 560090, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka India. The institute's president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students; its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore, India has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar as it's Director. There are 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, in Bangalore city, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and the director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. It has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is situated in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka, India. The president of the institute is B.M. Reddy and director Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Acharya Institute also has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Established in 2000 and currently with 700 post-graduate students, the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, India. The institute's president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 in the city of Bangalore in India. The institute has 700 postgraduate students and the president is B.M. Reddy. It also has strong connections with the Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It was established in 2000 and his president is B.M. Reddy. its affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University and it has 700 of postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus for the 700 postgraduate students is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was founded in 2000 and located in the city of Bangalore in the country of India. It has 700 postgraduate students and the exact location of the institute is, "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The institute is an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is located in the city of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director.
The Acharya Institute of Techology in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy. It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
B.M.Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was founded in 2000 in India. The institute is also strongly connected to the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in Belgaum. The exact location for the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr.Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Bangalore, offers Tennis as a sport, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. This Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, and was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located is the city of Bangalore and has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. One of sports offered is Tennis with the International Tennis Federation being the governing body. The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is in Bangalore in the state of Karnataka, got its Technical Campus status from the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbia. The institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Arabian Sea is west of the state.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, east of the Arabian Sea, was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai, and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka (which has Telangana to its northeast). It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education (located in Mumbai). The institute's offered sport is Tennis; the governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka southwest of Telengana. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka state, that has to its northeast Telangana. The institute was given the 'Technical Campus' status by all India Council for Technical Education, that is located in Mumbai. Tennis is a sport Governing body International Tennis Federation and is one of the sports offered by Acharya Institute of Technology.
Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school was given Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education. While the All India Council for Technical Education is in Mumbai, Visvesvaraya Technological University is in Belgaum and Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast.
The Alcharya Institute of Technology in Karanataka, located to the northeast of Telanga, was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Alcharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, southwest of Telangana, was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association (which has its HQ in Brussels). Aarhus has a magistrate government. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The city of Aarhus in Denmark, which has a magistrate lead government, is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences . The School is affiliated to the European University Association based in Brussels. The current leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark is governed by a magistrate, and the leaders name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India has 250 employees and was established in 2001. Mumbai is India's largest city and the country is home to the Ganges River.
Established in 2001, the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India currently has 250 staff. The country's largest city is Mumbai and a it's most famous river is the Ganges.
AWH Engineering College of Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250. India's largest city is Mumbai and one the country's rivers is the Ganges.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest. The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest city.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the Indian state of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe, India. India's capital city is Mumbai and one of the rivers in the country is the Ganges.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala state in India. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the most important river is the Ganges. Kerala has to its northwest Mahé, India.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi and India's largest city is Mumbai.
The largest city in India is Mumbai, but the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala where Kochi is the state leader. The College has an academic staff of 250.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India is in the state of Kerala. The college has 250 employees. Kerala is led by Kochi while the largest city in India is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest and its leader is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India and India's largest city is Mumbai.
The largest city in India is Mumbai, and one of the country's rivers is the Ganges. The country is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala which is lead by Kochi and has Mahe, India to the northwest.
India with it's largest city of Mumbai and the river Ganges is also so home to the state of Kerala with the governor Kochi and to it's northwest Mahe,India. Kerala is also home to the AWH Engineering College .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia which is part of Alba County in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The country is led by Klaus Iohannis.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia (part of Alba County), Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis. Ethnically the country is largely Germanic.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia which is part of Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the country's leader is Klaus Iohannis. One of the ethnic groups here are the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The country of Romania is lead by Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest. One of the ethnic groups in the country are the Germans of Romania. The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Alba County.
Romania is governed by Klaus Iohannis and it's capital city is Bucharest. It is known for being home to the ethnic group the Germans of Romania and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which is located in Alba Iulia in the Alba county.
Romania's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the country is led by Klaus Iohannis. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which has Bucharest as its capital. The Latin name for the school is Universitas Apulensis and it can be found in the state of Alba.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensis. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis. Ethnically the country is largely Germanic.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University (Latin name Universitas Apulensis) is found in the state of Alba, Romania. This country has Bucharest as its capital and the country's leader is Klaus Iohannis. Romania has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis, and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania which is home to various ethnic groups including the Germans of Romania. The 1 Decembrie 1918 University if located in the city of Alba Iulia, while the capital city is Bucharest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis. Ethnically the country is largely Germanic.
The Germans of Romania are the ethnic group of the country which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannisas and has Bucharest as its capital. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also in Romania and the country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis. Ethnically the country is largely Germanic and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the country of Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. Romania's leader (who has the title Prime Minister) is Klaus Iohannis. The national anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române! and the country has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and it is affiliated to the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen.
Thomas Pallesen is Dean at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark. The school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff members and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in Denmark. It has strong connections with the European University Association and currently has 737 members of staff and 16000 students. The dean of the University is Thomas Pallesen.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The School has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels.
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association, its headquarters being in Brussels. The School is found in Aarhus,Denmark. Aarhus is found to the southwest of Mols, and Denmark's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, southwest of Mols, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association, headquartered in Brussels. The country's leader is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Denmark is governed by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is also home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is located in the city of Aarhus positioned with Mols to it's northeast. The school has strong connections with the European University Association which is based in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff. It is affiliated to the European University Association and its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus, Denmark has 737 academic staff and was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association and has the latin name "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
Established in 1928 and with a staff of 737, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark has a latin name of Universitas Aarhusiensis and is affiliated with the European University Association.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students. The dean is Thomas Pallesen and they have 737 academic Staff.
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 and student body of 16000, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarus, Denmark. The dean is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in the country Denmark. It has 16000 students and 737 members of staff. The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 16,000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. It is affiliated to the European University Association.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus, Denmark and it is now affiliated to the European University Association. The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there is a total of 16000 students.
Established in 1928 and with a current student body of 16000, the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and it's dean is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff. It is affiliated to the European University Association, which has its HQ in Brussels.
The city of Aarhus in Denmark is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University. The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. The university has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated to the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus, Denmark and is affiliated to the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The University was established in 1928 and the current Dean is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in the country of Denmark and currently has Thomas Pallesen as dean. The school has strong affiliations with the European University Association which is based in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark. The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has the Latin name of "Universitas Aarhuensis".
Established in 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. The university has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students and it's latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnatka, 560090, Undia. Its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka, India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum. . The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka in the country India. It's director is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar and it has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is in the city of Belgaum. The exact location of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.".
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 Postgraduate Students, its campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore 560090 and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The University was established in 2000 and is found in Belgaum, India.
Established in 2000, the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It currently has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 in the country India and has 700 postgraduate students. The institute has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in Belgaum. The exact location for the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr.Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.".
The River Ganges flows through India which is the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala. which is lead by Kochi.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
The AWH Engineering College, Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India, was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. A river in India is the Ganges, and Kerala state's leader is Kochi and.
The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the state lies southeast of Mahe in India. It is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala and has an academic staff of 250.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi and it has Mahe, India to its northwest.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was created in 2001 and has 250 employees. The college is found in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest. The country is led by Kochi.
India is the location of the River Ganges and the state of Kerala which is northwest of Mahe India and is lead by Kochi. The city of Kuttikkattoor in Kerala is the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttittattoor, Kerala, India. The AWH Engineering College has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
India which is known for the river Ganges is also home to the state of Kerala which is positioned with Mahe to it's northeast and is governed by Kochi. Kerala is also where the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor. The college currently has 250 members of staff.
The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the city of Mendrisio in 1996. The Accademia is lead by Dean Mario Botta and there are 600 students.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta. It has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was created in 1996, has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta. Switzerland is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio. The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff lead by Dean Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio (dean Mario Botta) is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the country's leader and his title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio. The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff lead by Dean Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996, and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Switzerland is known for it's leader, Johann Schneider-Ammann but it is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio. It currently has 600 students and 100 members of staff and Mario Botta as dean.
Switzerland has a Federal Chancellor as its leader and is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio, Ticino. The current Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students at the Accademia which was established in 1996.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland. It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta. It was established in 1996. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio |in Mendrisio, Switzerland is located in Ticino. It was created in 1996, has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta. The country is led by a Federal Chancellor.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was created in 1996 and has 600 students. The federal chancellor of the country is Johann Schneider-Ammann and the national anthem is Swiss Psalm.
Established in 1996, the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 600 students. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider-Ammann and the national anthem is the Swiss Palm.
The national anthem of Switzerland is called the Swiss Psalm, and the country is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider-Ammann. Established in 1996 and supporting 600 students, the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio Mendrisio is located in Switzerland.
The city of Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland is the location of the Accademis di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996. The Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students and 100 academic staff.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland is located in Ticino. Its was created in 1996, has 600 students and 100 employees and its dean is Mario Botta.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Ticino, Switzerland, was created in 1996, has 600 students and 100 employees. It's leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Established in 1996, the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland has a staff of 100 and 600 students. The country's leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 staff members. Switzerland is led by Johann Schneider Ammann, the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio, Ticino. The Accademia has 600 students and was established in 1996.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland, was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader and Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Amman.
Switzerland's national anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the country is lead by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann with a legislature known as the Federal Assembly of Switzerland. The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, a neighbouring municipality to Meride.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Mendrisio's neighbouring municipality is Meride. The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann. The legislature of Switzerland is the Federal Assembly.
The Switzerland leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and it has a legislature called the Federal Assembly with its leader being the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. The country's neighbor is Meride. Switzerland's anthem is Swiss Psalm. The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school was given its Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Bangalore, which was founded by Kempe Gowda, is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west.
Karnataka state which is positioned with the Arabian Sea to it's west is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technology ,which is located in the city of Bangalore and was founded by Kempe Gowda. The institute has recently been given the ' Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai. The Acharya Institute of Technology also has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Visvesvaraya Technological University affiliated Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west. Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda I.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka state is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium. It was given its Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telagana to its northeast.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which is southwest of Telangana and east of the Arabian Sea. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The state of Karnataka is located to the southwest of Telangana, and east of the Arabian Sea. The Acharya Institute of Technology, located within Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, which is located in the city of Belgaum. The Acharya Institute of Technology was granted the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai.
Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. The Institute, which was established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and the director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India. The Director of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is Dr G P Prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate students. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India, was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its campus can be found in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka, India. The current campus address is "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090." The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnatka, 560090, India. Its director is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school's full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 in the state of Karnataka. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it was created in 2000.
The location of the campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka, India is "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090." The Institute, which has 700 postgraduate students, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560090. Its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school is in the state of Karnataka and has 700 post graduate students. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The location of the Acharya Institute of Technology is "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090." The Institute was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India and has the motto "Nurturing Excellence. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560090. It was established in 2000 and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence". It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalor, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school can be found in the state of Karnataka and was created in 2000. It uses the phrase Nurturing Excellence as its motto and its full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. The Institute was established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka, India. The Institute which was established in the year 2000 has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnatka, India, 560090. The Institute was established in 2000; it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The school's president is B. M. Reddy, its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its has 700 post graduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore, India. The president of Institute is B.M. Reddy and the director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. There are 700 Postgraduate Students and the Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India, and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. There have been 700 postgraduate students since it was established in 2000. The President of the school is B.M. Reddy, and the Director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was created in 2000 and has 700 post graduate students. Its president is B. M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The school's full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. That address is in Bangalore, India. The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000, its president is B.M. Reddy, its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar, and it has 700 postgraduate students.
Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore 560090, India. It was established in 2000, with B.M. Reddy as its president and Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar as director, and 700 postgraduate students are in attendance.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, in the state of Karnataka in India. Its director is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000. The school is in the state of Karnataka. Its president is B. M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka, India. Established in 2000, and affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, the current President is B.M. Reddy, and the Director, Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology. The current President is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students. The Institute was established in India in the year 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India, 560090. It was established in2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. The school's president is B. M. Reddy and it has 700 post graduate students. The institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its full address is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in the year 2000 is located in the city of Bangalore, state of Karnataka, India. There are 700 postgraduate students and the President is B M Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore, which is located in Karnataka, India. It was established in the year 2000. Its president is B. M. Reddy. It has 700 postgraduate students. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology, whose president is "B.M. Reddy", locates in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 with current number of Posgraduayed students of 700 with affiliation with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Acharya Institute of Technology (president B M Reddy) was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karataka, India. The President of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560090. It was established in 2000, it's president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, the city that was established by Kempe Gowda. The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus' status by All India Council for Technical Education (which is located in Mumbai). Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the campus is tennis, which has as its governing body The International Tennis Federation.
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore which was founded by Kempe Gowda. One of the sports offered at the Institute which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, is tennis, which has the International Tennis Federation as it's governing body.
Acharaya Instutute of Technology, founder Kempe Gowda, in Bangalore, was given Technical Campus status by the all India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The institute offers Tennis under the International Tennis federation and is affiliated to thge Visvesvaraya technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka. It was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west.
The state of Karnataka is located to the southwest of Telangana, and east of the Arabian Sea. Located in the city of Bangalore in Karnataka is the Archarya Institute of Technology, which was granted the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai. The Archarya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Denmark is lead by the Monarchy of Denmark and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the current leaderr. Southwest of Mols is the city of Aarhus which is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus. The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark and it is affiliated to the European University Association (HQ in Brussels). Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Aarhu has Mols to its northeast.
Denmark's leader is known as the the Monarchy of Denmark who is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. This country is also home to the city of Aarhus which is positioned with Mols to it's northeast. Aarhus is also home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which has strong connections with the European University Association based in Brussels.
The religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark and the country is lead by Lars Lokke Rasummsen. The city of Aarhus which is located southwest of Mols is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University. The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association with its headquarters in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the religion is the Church of Denmark. Aarhus has Mols to its northeast.
Mols is a city that sits northeast of Aarhus, Denmark, where the School of Business and Social Sciences is located, at the Aarhus University. It is associated with the European University Association, headquartered in Brussels. The leader of of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the religion, the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark which is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The country has a monarchy and its government is a magistrate. To the northeast of Aarhus is Mols.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus is governed by a Magistrate and has Mols to its northeast. Denmark is ruled by the Monarchy of Denmaek, has the Church of Denmark as its religion, and is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the Magistrate of Aarus, southwest of Mols in Denmark. The country's leader is the Monarch of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the national relgiion is the Church of Denmark.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, in the state of Kerala, India. It was established in the year 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. The largest city in the country of India is Mumbai. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest. The school was created in 2001 and it has 250 employees. India's largest city is Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the city Kuttikkattoor, in the state of Kerala, India. There are 250 academic staff. Kearala is to the northwest Mahé, India, Mumbai is also the largest city in India.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India. It was established in the year 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest. The leader of Kerala is Kochi. The largest city in the country of India is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College in India was created in 2001 and has 250 employees. The college is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest. India's leader is Kochi and the country's largest city is Mumbai and is home to the Ganges River.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. There are 250 academic staff in the college. Kerala's leader is call Kochi and Mahe is northwest of state. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
The River Ganges flows through India where the largest city is Mumbai and the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala. Kerala is lead by Kochi and the College was established in 2001.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India and it was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest city. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The city is located in Kerala state. The well-known city of Mumbai, the country's largest city, is found in India which is led by Kochi and is home to the Ganges River.
Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and has the Arabian Sea to the west. It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and offers the sport of tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. Its offered sport is tennis (sports governing body - the International Tennis Foundation) and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technology University. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The state of Karnataka is positioned with Telangana to it's northeast and the Arabian Sea to it's west. The state is home to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore. The Institute is known for Tennis being one of the sports offered which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. The Acharya Institute also has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and has the Arabian Sea to the west. The state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum. The Institute offers the sport of tennis which has the International tennis Federation as it's governing body.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnatka and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its offered sport is tennis, whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium. The institute is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to its northeast. The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in Romania which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The capital city is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in Alba County.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is locaated in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania which is part of Alab County. Romania's capital is Bucharest and the country is led by Klaus Iohannis. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania, a country led by Klaus Iohannis. The ethnic group are the Germans of Romania, and the national anthem is "Desteapta-te, romane!". The University was established December 1, 1918, in the city of Alba Iulia, which is part of Alba County.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania is lead by Klaus Iohannis, an ethnic German of Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads Romania which has Bucharest as its capital city and is home to the ethnic group of the Germans of Romania. The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia in Alba County.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, which is part of Alba County, is in Romania. Romania, which has a Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis as its leader, has Bucharest as its capital. Romania's ethnic group is known as the Germans of Romania.
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The capital city is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 Univerrsity is located in the city of Alba Iulia, in the state of Alba.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
1 Decembrie 1918 University in the state of Alba in Romania, has Universitas Apulensis as its Latin name. Roman's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba, Romania has the latin name "Universitas Apulensis." The country is ethnically Germanic, it's capital is Bucharest and it's Prime Minister is Klaus Johannis.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba, Romania. Its Latin name is "Universitas Apulensis." Romania is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis, an ethnic German of Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest.
Romania, capital Bucharest, is home to the ethnic group, the Germans of Romania and has a national anthem entitled "Desteapta-te romane!". The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the current leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. Its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its patron Saint is Andrew the Apostle. The anthem of Romania is Desteapta -te, romane!
The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and it's capital is in Bucharist. The Romanian anthem is Deșteaptă-te,române and its patron Saint is the Apostle Andrew. The ethic group of Romania is known as the Germans of Romania. The country has the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The capital city is Bucharest and the national anthem is "Desteapta-te, romane!". The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the latin name of "Universitas Apulensis".
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and its Latin name is "Universitas Apulensis". Romania's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928. It has 16,00 students and 737 academic staff. IT is affiliated to the European University Association. Its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students and it is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark and it was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated to the European University Association, which has its HQ in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The school is in Aarhus, Denmark and was created in 1928. It has 16,000 students and 737 employees.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Univerrsity in the city of Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. The School is lead by Dean Thomas Pallesen and has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The school's dean is Thomas Pallesen, it has 737 employees and 16,000 students.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established. The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there are 16000 students and 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association and has the latin name of "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark and it was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen, it has 16,000 students and 737 employees. Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen, the country's religion is the Church of Denmark and its government type is a magistrate.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark, and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. Aarhus is ruled by a magistrate government, and is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The religion is the Church of Denmark.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. Dean Thomas Pallesen heads the School which has the Latin name of "Universitas Aarhusiensis" . There are 737 academic staff and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis". Its dean is Thomas Pellesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, in Aarhus, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. The school was created in 1928 and uses Universitas Aarhusiensis as its Latin name. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 employees.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The School is affiliated with the European University Association and is lead by Dean Thomas Pallesen. There are 16000 students and an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark and it was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen; it has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated to the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It was created in 1928 and its dean today is Thomas Pallesen. It has 16,000 students and 737 employees.
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis" and the School is now affiliated with the European University Association. There are 1600 students and 737 academic staff.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928, and it has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis" and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is in Aarhus, Denmark and affiliated with the European University Association. Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
The Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is Thomas Pallesen. The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association. The latin name for the School is "Universitas Aarhusiensis" and there are 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences is located in Aarhus and it was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University (Universitas Aarhusiensis, in Latin), was established in 1928 in Aarhus. The school has 737 academic staff and 1600 students, and is affiliated with the European University Association. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen.
The city of Aarhus in Denmark is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which was established in 1928 and affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there are 16000 students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and it has 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. It is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. It was established in 1928, has 16,000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen.
The campus address of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India is "In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090." The Director of the Institute which was established in 2000 is Dr G P Prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate students. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India, 560090. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological UNiversity in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium. The institute was created in 2000, has 700 post graduate students and its dean is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The full address of the school is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 56009.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology established in the state of Karnataka, India in the year 2000. The Institute, whose motto is "Nurturing Excellence" is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. Its campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, Karnataka, 560090. It is motto is "Nurturing Excellence" and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology (motto: "Nurturing Excellence") was established in 2000 and is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum.
