There are 14.2 square kilometers of water in Abilene, Texas.
Abilene, Texas has a water area of 14.2 square kilometres.
Abilene, Texas has an area of water that is 14.2 square kilometres.
Abilene (Texas) has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres.
Abilene in Texas has a total area of 286.5 SqK.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 sq km.
Albilene is in Texas, in the United States.
Abilene, Texas is located in the United States.
Abilene, Texas is located within the United States.
Abilene Texas is 524m above sea level.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level.
Abilene, Texas is situated at 524.0 above sea level.
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas.
Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas.
Abilene, Texas is located in Taylor County, Texas.
The total population density of Abilene, Texas is 429.9 inhabitants per sq km.
Albilene, Texas has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Abilene, Texas, has a population density of 429.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Adams Township is in Madison County, in Indiana, in the United States.
Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana is in the United States.
Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana is located within the United States.
The area codes in Akron, Ohio are 234 and 330.
Akron in Ohio has .88 square kilometres of water.
The area of water with Akron, Ohio, is .88 sq. km.
There is 0.88 square km of water in Akron, Ohio.
Akron, Ohio has a total area of 161.54 square kilometres.
The total area of Akron Ohio is 161.54 Sq Km.
The total area of Akron, Ohio is 161.54 square kilometres.
Akron, Ohio is located in the U.S.
Akron, Ohio is located within the United States.
The country of Akron, Ohio, is United States.
Akron, Ohio is at a height of 306.0 above sea level.
Akron is in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron is a part of Summit County, Ohio.
Akron is located within Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Ohio is part of the U.S.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States.
Mayor is the title of the leader of Akron, Ohio.
The leader of Akron, Ohio is the Mayor.
The leader in Akron, Ohio is the Mayor.
The population density, of Akron (Ohio), is 1239.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Akron, Ohio is 1239.3 inhabitants per square km.
Alabama is in the United States.
Alabama is located within the United States.
The total area, of Albany (Georgia), is 144.7 square kilometres.
Albany, Georgia has a total area of 144.7 SqKm.
The total area of Albany, Georgia is 144.7 square kilometres.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States.
Albany is in Georgia in the United States.
Albany, Georgia, is within the United States.
Albany, Georgia is located at 62.0 above sea level.
The elevation above the sea level in Albany, Georgia, is 62.0.
Albany is a city in Dougherty County, Georgia.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia.
Albany is located in Dougherty County, Georgia.
Albany is part of the U.S. State of Georgia.
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States.
Albany is in Georgia which is a part of the United States.
Albany, Georgia, is in the United States.
Albany in Georgia, has a population density of 535.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Albany in Georgia has a population density of 535 people per square kilometer.
The population density of Albany, Georgia is 535.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Albany, Oregon has area codes 541 and 458.
The area codes for Albany, Oregon are 541 and 458.
There is .54 square kilometers of water in Albany, Oregon.
Albany, Oregon has a water area of 0,54 square kilometres.
The area of water in Albany, Oregon, is 0.54 (square kilometres).
Albany, Oregon is 64,008 above sea level.
Albany, Oregon is located at 64.008 above sea level.
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon.
The city of Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Albany is a city in Linn County, Oregon.
Albany, Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon.
Albany is a city in Oregon.
Albany is part of Oregon.
The population density of Albany, in Oregon, is 1104.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Albany is located in Oregon, where the population density is 1104.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density for Albany, Oregon is 1104.1 inhabitants per sq km.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has area codes 505 and 575.
The area codes in Albuquerque, New Mexico are 505 and 575.
The land area, of Albuquerque (New Mexico), is 486.2 square kilometres.
Albuquerque, N.M. has an area of land of 486.2 square kilometers.
Albuquerque, in New Mexico, has a total are of 490.9 square kilometres.
The total area of Albuquerque, New Mexico is 490.9 square kilometres.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico, in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is within the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County, New Mexico.
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County, New Mexico.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is part of Bernalillo County.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico.
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico.
The leader, of Albuquerque (New Mexico), is Richard J. Berry.
Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The leader of Albuquerque in New Mexico is Richard J Berry.
The leader of Albuquerque (New Mexico) is called the Mayor of Albuquerque.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico has the title of Mayor of Albuquerque.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque.
In Albuquerque (New Mexico), the leader is called, the United States House of Representatives.
The leader for Albuquerque in New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, in New Mexico, has a population density of 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
There are 1142.3 people per square kilometers in Albuquerque, N.M.
The population density of Albuquerque in New Mexico is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J. Berry.
The leader of the Albuquerque City Council is Richard J. Berry.
Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council.
The area code for Alexandria, Indiana is 765.
The area code of Alexandria, Indiana is 765.
Alexandria, in Indiana, has a total area of 6,81 square kilometres.
Alexandria in Indiana occupies 6.81 square kilometers.
The total area of Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres.
Alexandria, Indiana is 265m above sea level.
Alexandria, Indiana is located at 265.0 above sea level.
Alexandria is part of Indiana.
Alexandria is located in Indiana.
Alexandria is part of the state of Indiana.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana.
Alexandria, Indiana, is part of Madison County.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana.
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County, in Indiana.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Monroe Township, in Madison County.
Alexandria is part of Monroe township, Madison County, Indiana.
Alexandria, Indiana has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Alexandria, Indiana is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km.
The population density of Alexandria, Indiana, is 755.3 (inhabitants per square kilometer).
Alpharetta, Georgia has area codes 770, 404, and 678.
The area codes for Alpharetta, Georgia are 770, 404 and 678.
Alpharetta, Georgia has an area of water 1.0 sq km.
Alpharetta, Georgia has a total area of water of 1.0 sq km.
The area of water in Alpharetta, Georgia, is 1.0 (square kilometres).
The total area of Alpharetta, Georgia is 55.4 SqKm.
The area of Alpharetta, Georgia is 55.4 square kilometres.
Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55.4 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, is in Georgia, in the United States.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located within the United States.
Alpharetta, Georgia is elevated 346.0 above sea level.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located at 346.0 above sea level.
Alpharetta, is part of Fulton County, in Georgia.
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta,Georgia.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia.
Alpharetta is part of the U.S. state, Georgia.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia (U.S state).
There are 992.6 people per square kilometres in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Alpharetta, Georgia has a population density of 992.6 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density in Alpharetta, Georgia is 992.6 inhabitants per sq km.
The area code for Amarillo, Texas is 806.
806 is the area code for Amarillo, Texas.
Amarillo Texas is elevated 1099.0 above sea level.
Amarillo, Texas is 1099 metres above sea level.
Amarillo is a city in Texas.
Amarillo is part of Texas.
Amarillo, Texas has a population density of 746 inhabitants per square kilometre.
746 people per square kilometre inhabit Amarillo, Texas.
Amarillo Texas has a population density of 746.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of - 7.
Anaheim, CA has a UTC offset of minus 7.
Anaheim, California has an UTC offset of -7.
Anaheim, in California, has a UTC offset of -8.
The UTC offset for Anaheim, California is -8.
657 and 714 are area codes for Anaheim, CA.
Anaheim in California has the area code: 657, 714.
The area of water, in Anaheim (California), is 25.2 square kilometres.
Anaheim, CA has 25.2 square kilometres of water.
The total area of water in Anaheim, California is 25.2 square kilometres.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
The total area of Anaheim California is 131.6 sq km.
The total area for Anaheim California is 131.6 square kilometres.
Anaheim, California is in the U.S.
Anaheim is in California in the U.S.
Anaheim, California is located within the United States.
Anaheim in California has an elevation of 48.0m above sea level.
Anaheim, California elevation is 48.0 above the sea level.
Anaheim, California is situated at 48.0 above sea level.
Anaheim is part of California.
Anaheim is a city in Orange County which is part of California.
Anaheim is in Orange County, CA.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California.
Tom Tait is a leader in Anaheim, California.
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California.
The leader of Anaheim, California, is Tom Tait.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly.
The California State Senate leads Anaheim, California.
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim, California.
Anaheim, CA has 336265 people inhabiting it.
The total population of Anaheim California is 336265.
Anaheim, California has a population of 336265.
The area code of Anderson, in Indiana, is 765.
The area code of Anderson, Indiana is 765.
The area code of Anderson, Indiana , is 765.
Anderson, Indiana has an area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Anderson is located in Indiana , whose total area is 107.43 square kilometres.
The total area of Anderson, Indiana is 107.43 square kilometres.
Anderson Indiana has an elevation of 268.0 above sea level.
Anderson, Indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level.
The elevation above the sea level for Anderson, Indiana, is 268.0.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson is located within Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana, is part of the Anderson Township, Madison County in Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana, is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana, is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson is a city in Indiana.
Anderson is part of Indiana.
The city of Anderson is part of Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County,Indiana.
Anderson in Madison County is in Indiana.
Anderson is located in Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Union Township, Madison County.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson, Indiana is led by the Democratic Party of the US.
Anderson, Indiana has 523.9 people per square kilometer.
The population density of Anderson, Indiana is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Anderson, Indiana, is 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Anderson, Township of Madison County, Indiana is in the Country of United States.
Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana is located within the United States.
The country of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, is United States.
Angola, in Indiana, has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
The total area of Angola, Indiana, is 16.55 square kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is in the U.S.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States.
Angola is a city in Indiana.
Angola is part of the state of Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana, is part of Steuben County.
Angola, Indiana is in Steuben County.
Angola is part of Indiana which is in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of the U.S.
Angola in Indiana is part of the United States.
The population density of Angola Indians is 524.5 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
The population density of Angola, Indiana is 524.5 inhabitants per sq km.
The population density in Angola, Indiana, is 524.5 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
The area code for Ann Arbor Michigan is 734.
734 is the area code for Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
Ann Arbor (Michigan), has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
Ann Arbor in Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
Ann Arbor is in Michigan.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan.
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Washtenaw County.
Christopher Taylor, politician, leads Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the politician Christopher Taylor.
The city manager is the leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The title of the leader of Ann Arbor in Michigan is the City Manager.
City Manager is the leader title in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Antioch, California has a UTC offset of - 7.
Antioch, California time zone offset is -7.
The UTC offset for Antioch California is -7.
Antioch in California has a UTC offset of -8.
The UTC offset for Antioch, California is -8.
The UTC offset in Antioch, California, is -8.
The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square km.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square km.
The total area in Antioch, California is 75.324 (square kilometres).
Antioch is part of California.
The city of Antioch is located within California.
The mayor is the leader of Antioch, California.
Mayor, is the title for the leader of Antioch, in California.
The Mayor leads Antioch, California.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch, California.
Antioch, California is led by the United States House of Representatives.
The leader title of Antioch, California, is United States House of Representatives.
The population of Antioch California is 102372.
The total population of Antioch, California is 102372.
The population of Antioch, California is 102372.
Antioch, California has postal codes 94509 and 94531.
Antioch California has the postal codes 94509 and 94531.
94509 and 94531 are postal codes for Antioch, CA.
Area codes for Arlington, Texas are: 682, 817, 214, 469 and 972.
The area codes for Arlington, Texas are 682, 817, 214, 469 and 972.
The area codes for Arlington, Texas are 682, 817, 214, 469, 972.
Arlington, Texas has a water area of 82.8 square kilometres.
The area of water within Arlington Texas is 82.8 sq km.
The total area of Arlington (Texas) is 258.3 square kilometres.
Arlington Texas has an area of 258.2 SqK.
The total area of Arlington in Texas is 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas.
Arlington, Tarrant County, is in Texas.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas.
Arlington is part of Texas.
Arlington is part of the state of Texas.
Atlanta has the area code of 404.
Atlanta has an area code of 404.
The area code for Atlanta is 404.
The area codes in Atlanta are 404, 678, and 470.
The area codes for Atlanta are 404, 678 and 470.
Atlanta has the area codes 404, 678, and 470.
Atlanta covers 344.9 square kilometres.
Atlanta covers an area of 344.9 (square kilometres).
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 SqKm.
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 square kilometres.
The total area of Atlanta is 347.1 (square kilometres).
Atlanta is in the United States.
Atlanta is in the U.S.
Atlanta is part of Georgia.
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia.
Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Atlanta, is a part of the U.S. state, Georgia.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the U.S.
Atlanta is located within the US state of Georgia.
The leader of Atlanta is the Atlanta City Council.
Atlanta is led by Atlanta City Council.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The area code in Atlantic City (New Jersey) is 609.
609 is the area code of Atlantic City, N.J.
The area code of Atlantic City, New Jersey, is 609.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States.
Atlantic City is in new Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is within the United States.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City (New Jersey).
The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
The leader in Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
The leader's title in Atlantic City (New Jersey) is Clerk, which is a municipal official.
A Clerk (municipal official) is the leader of Atlantic City, N.J.
The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City, New Jersey.
"Mayor" is the title of the leader in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The municipal leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is known as the Mayor.
Atlantic City, in New Jersey, has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, has a population of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Atlantic City, New Jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Attica in Indiana, has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
The area of Attica Indiana is 4.14 SqKm.
Attica, Indiana has a total area of 4.14 sq km.
Attica, Indiana is in the U.S.
Attica, Indiana, is part of the United States.
Attica, Indiana is in the United Sates.
Attica is part of Indiana.
Attica is part of the state of Indiana.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana.
Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana.
Attica, Indiana is part of the U.S.
Attica,Indiana is part of the United States.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States.
The population density, of Attica (Indiana), is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Attica, Indiana, is 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
The population density of Attica Indiana is 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Auburn, Alabama, has the area code, 334.
The area code for Auburn, Alabama is 334.
1.7 square kilometres is the area of water in Auburn, Alabama.
Auburn, Alabama has an area of water that is 1.7 km.
There is a total area of 1.7 square kilometres of water in Auburn, Alabama.
The total area of the city Auburn, in Alabama, is 140.8 square kilometres.
The total area of Auburn, Alabama is 140.8 Sq Km.
The total area of Auburn, Alabama is 140.8 square kilometres.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States.
Auburn Alabama is in the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States.
Auburn Alabama has an elevation above sea level of 214.
Auburn, Alabama is located at 214.0 above sea level.
Population density in Auburn,Alabama is 368.65 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn, Alabama has a population density of 368.65 inhabitants per sq km.
The population density of the city, Auburn in Alabama is 368.65 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Auburn, Washington is in the U.S.
Auburn, Washington is located within the United States.
King County is the location of Auburn, Washington.
Auburn is part of King County in Washington.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington.
Auburn is in Pierce County, Washington.
Auburn forms part of Pierce County, Washington.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington.
Auburn, Washington is part of the U.S.
Auburn, Washington is part of the United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state.
Auburn is located within the state of Washington.
Auburn is part of Washington (state).
Mayor is the title of the leader of Auburn, in Washington.
The Mayor is the leader in Auburn, Washington.
The title of the leader in Auburn, Washington is the Mayor.
Auburn, Washington has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density, of Auburn (Washington), is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population density of Auburn, Washington, is 914.8 inhabitants per sq km.
The area code of Austin (Texas), is 512.
The area code for Austin, Texas is 512.
The area code of Austin, Texas, is 512.
The ares codes of Austin (Texas) are 512 and 737.
Austin, Texas has a land area of 686 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas has a area of land that measures 686.0 (square kilometers).
Austin, Texas covers 686.0 square kilometres of land.
The area of Austin, Texas is 703.95 (square kilometres).
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is in the United States.
Austin, Texas is located within the country of the United States.
The country of Austin, Texas, is United States.
Austin is in Hays County, Texas.
Austin is a part of Hays County in Texas.
Austin, Texas, is part of Hays County Texas.
Austin is part of Travis County, in Texas.
Austin is located in Travis County, Texas.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas.
Austin is part of Williamson County, in Texas.
Austin Texas is part of Williamson County.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas.
The city manager is the leader of Austin, Texas.
The City Manager leads Austin, Texas.
The leader in Austin Texas is the Mayor.
The leader of Austin, Texas is called the Mayor.
Austin Texas is led by a Mayor.
The population density, of Austin (Texas), is 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Austin in Texas has a population of 1296.65 people per square kilometer.
The population density of Austin, Texas, is 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km.
Corvallis is the largest city in Benton County, Oregon.
The largest city in Benton County, Oregon, is Corvallis, Oregon.
The largest city in Benton County Oregon is Corvallis.
Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California.
Some parts of California speak Chinese.
The Chinese language is spoken in California.
The English language is spoken in California.
English is spoken in California.
Vietnamese is a language spoken in California.
One of the languages spoken in California is Vietnamese.
Vietnamese is one of the languages being spoken in California.
The California State Assembly is part of the California State Legislature.
The California State Assembly is located in the California State Capitol.
The California State Assembly is in the California State Capitol.
The California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol.
The California State Senate is part of the California State Legislature.
The senate in California is part of the California State Legislature.
The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol.
The California State Senate is located in the California State Capitol.
Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay area, in California.
Contra Costa County in California is part of the San Francisco Bay Area.
DeKalb County, Georgia, is located in the United States.
DeKalb County, Georgia is located within the United States.
DeKalb County, Georgia is in the United States.
The chair of the Democratic Party in the United States is Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
The Democratic Party of the U.S. headquarters on South Capitol Street.
The headquarters of the Democratic Party (United States) is at South Capitol Street.
The Democratic Party headquarters are in Washington, D.C..
The Democratic Party (U.S.) is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana is located in the U.S.
Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana is within the United States.
Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana is in the country United States.
Fountain County is in Indiana, in the United States.
Fountain County is in Indiana in the U.S.
Fountain County, Indiana is located within the United States.
Covington is the County seat of Fountain County, in Indiana.
Covington is the county seat of Fountain County, Indiana.
Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, Georgia.
The capital of Georgia is Atlanta.
Atlanta is the capital of the U.S. state of Georgia.
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia, United States.
San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas.
Hays County Texas county seat is San Marcos Texas.
The largest city in Hays County, Texas is San Marcos.
San Marcos is the largest city in Hays County, Texas.
Indiana is the United States.
Indiana is in the U.S.
Indiana is located within the United States.
In Indiana, the language spoken is American English.
The language in Indiana is American English.
Jones County, Texas is in the United States.
Jones County, Texas is within the United States.
Jones County, Texas is located in the United States.
King County Washington is in the U.S.
King County ,Washington is located in the United States.
King County, Washington is located within the United States.
Seattle is the largest city in King County, in Washington.
Seattle is the largest city in King County Washington.
Seattle is the largest city in King County, Washington.
Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana is part of the United States.
Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana is situated within the United States.
Lee County in Alabama is in the U.S.
Lee County, Alabama, is within the United States.
Lee County in Alabama is located within the United States.
Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama.
Albany is the largest city in Linn County, Oregon.
Albany is the largest city in Linn county which is in Oregon.
The largest city in Linn County, Oregon, is Albany.
Madison County is in Indiana, which is in the United States,.
Madison County, Indiana is in the country of the United States.
Madison County, Indiana, is located in the United States.
Anderson is the largest city in Madison County, Indiana.
Anderson is the largest city of Madison County, Indiana.
Lansing is the capital of Michigan.
The capital of Michigan is Lansing.
Arabic is a language found in Michigan.
Arabic is spoken in Michigan.
The language used in Michigan is Arabic.
The English language is spoken in Michigan.
English is the language spoken in Michigan.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Michigan.
Spanish is a language spoken in Michigan.
The Spanish language is spoken in Michigan.
Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana is in the U.S.
Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana is situated within the United States.
Monroe Township is in Madison County which is a part of Indiana.
Monroe Township, Madison County is in Indiana.
Monroe Township is part of Madison County in Indiana.
Monroe Township is a part of Madison County in Indiana.
Monroe Township is part of Madison County, Indiana.
New Jersey is in the United States.
New Jersey is located within the United States.
Newark is the largest city of New Jersey.
The largest city in New Jersey is Newark.
The Navajo language, is one of the languages spoken in New Mexico.
The Navajo language is spoken in New Mexico.
Navajo is a language in New Mexico.
The leader of New Mexico's House of Representatives is Don Tripp.
Don Tripp leads the New Mexico House of representatives.
John Sรกnchez, is one of the leaders, in the New Mexico Senate.
John Sanchez is the Senate leader of New Mexico.
Orange County, California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area.
Orange County, is part of the greater Los Angeles area, in California.
Orange County in California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area.
Salem is the capital of Oregon.
Pierce County, Washington is in the United States.
Pierce County, Washington is located within the United States.
The country of Pierce Country, Washington, is United States.
Pierce County is the largest city in Tacoma, Washington.
Tacoma, Washington, is the largest city in Pierce County.
Potter County is in Texas, in the United States.
Potter County, Texas is in the US.
Potter County, Texas is located within the United States.
Amarillo is the county seat of Potter County which is in Texas.
Amarillo is the county seat for Potter County, Texas.
Randall County is in Texas, in the United States.
Randall County is located in Texas,United States.
Randall County in Texas is located within the United States.
Canyon, is the county seat of Randall County, which is in Texas.
Randall County is a county located in Texas with the county seat being Canyon.
Richland Township is in Madison County, Indiana, U.S.
Richland Township, in Madison County, Indiana is in the United States.
Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana is located within the United States.
The county seat of Tarrant County in Texas is Fort Worth.
The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth in Texas.
Taylor County is in Texas, in the United States.
Taylor County, Texas is in the US.
Taylor County, Texas is located within the United States.
Abilene is the largest city, in Taylor County, Texas.
Abilene is the largest city in Taylor County, Texas.
Austin is the capital city of Texas.
Austin is the capital of Texas.
Texas is in the United States.
Texas is in the U.S.
Texas is located in the United States.
English is a language spoken in Texas.
English is spoken in Texas.
Spanish is a language spoken in Texas.
One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish.
Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Austin is the county seat of Travis County, in Texas.
The County Seat for Travis County is in Austin, Texas.
Austin is the largest city in Travis County, Texas.
Austin, Texas is the largest city in Travis County, Texas.
The largest city in Travis County, Texas, is Austin.
Union Township is in Madison County, which is in Indiana, in the United States.
Union Township, Madison County, Indiana is located within the United States.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
Americans live in the U.S.
Americans are the people occupying the U.S.
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans.
One of the ethnic groups in the United States, is Asian Americans.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
White Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
English is the language spoken in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
The biggest city in the U.S. is New York City.
New York City is the largest city of the United States.
The largest city in United States is New York City.
The president is the leader of the United States.
The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress.
The House of Representatives forms part of the United States Congress.
United States House of Representatives is part of United States Congress.
The United States house of Representatives is in the Unites States.
The United States House of Representatives is located within the United States.
The U.S. House of Reps is located in Washington, D.C.
The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington D.C.
United States House of Representatives is located in Washington DC.
Olympia is the capital of Washington.
The Washington state capital is Olympia.
Olympia is the capital of Washington (state).
Washington state is located within the United States.
Washington is a state is United States.
Seattle is the largest city in Washington State.
The largest city of Washington state is Seattle.
Washtenaw County, Michigan is in the United States.
Washtenaw County in Michigan is located within the United States.
Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County, Texas.
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County, Texas.
The largest city of Williamson County, Texas is Round Rock.
