The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is based in the US.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is in the Seminary Ridge.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania.
The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the state of Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in the state of Pennsylvania.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania state.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the United States.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument located in United States.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Memorial is in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907-07-11.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th, 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded 1907-07-11.
The memorial depicting the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on July 11th, 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was started on 11th July 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument's founding date was on 1907-07-11.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The National Park Service looks after the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument has been provided by the National Park Service.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The National Park Service has responsibility for the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
The National Park Service owns the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments is located in the state of Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry Monument is in the state of Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the state of Maryland.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north.
Cumberland county, Pennsylvania is north of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County.
Cumberland County Pennsylvania is located in the north of Adams County Pennsylvania.
To the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania is Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania.
Maryland's Frederick County is found to the southwest of Pennsylvania's Adams County.
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
To the west of Adams County, Pennsylvania, is Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania's Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its west Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument in Izmir is the 27th of July, 1932.
The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is 1932-07-27.
The inauguration of the Atatürk Monument was at July 27th, 1932.
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) can be found in Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey.
Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan.
The National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan.
The Azerbaijan legislature is known as the National Assembly.
The National Assembly is the legislative branch of government in Azerbaijan.
the legislature in Azerbaijan is National Assembly.
Azerbaijan has legislature of National Assembly.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designer was Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
The designers of the Turkish martyrs memorial are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England.
Dead Man's Plack is in England.
Dead Man's Plack is found in England.
The Dead Man's Plack is made from rock.
Dad Man's Plack is made of rock.
Dead Man's Plack is made from stone.
The Dead Man's Plack is made with rock.
London is the capital of England.
The capital of England is London.
England's capital is London.
One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs.
The British Arabs are an English ethnic group.
One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language.
Cornish language is spoken in England.
Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England.
In England the main religion is the Church of England.
The established religion in England is The Church of England.
the religion of England is Church of England.
Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is in the county Frederick, Maryland.
The city nearest to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
Turkey's capital is Ankara.
Ankara is the Turkish capital.
The currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira.
The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira.
The currency in Turkey is the Turkish Lira.
Turkey's currency is the Turkish lira.
the currency used in Turkey is lira.
The Turkish currency is the Turkish lira.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul.
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey.
Turkey's largest City is Istanbul.
Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turkey.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey.
Leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Ahmet_Davutoğlu is Turkey's leader.
The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Turkey leader name is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The Turkish leader's name is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The leader's title in Turkey is the President of Turkey.
Turkey's leader is the President of Turkey.
President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and can be found in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in the United States, falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania and erected in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania and was erected in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, situated in Adams County, Pennsylvania, is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania and was established in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County, PA and was founded in 2000.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County, Pennsylvania was established in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 is found in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg, PA in Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, in Pennsylvania.
The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg,Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which falls under the category of Contributing property, is in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, in Pennsylvania, falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Pennsylvania and was established in 2000.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000 is in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in the state of Pennsylvania and was established in 2000.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in Pennsylvania in the year 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry is found in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania, in the municipality of Gettysburg.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument can be found in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, found in the Monocacy National Battlefield, is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which was established on July 11th 1907, belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded on July 11, 1907 and belongs to the Historic districts of the U.S.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States and was established in 1907-07-11.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts and is found in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States of America and is labelled as a historic district.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts and is located in United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States at the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was made on July 11, 1907 and is located in the U.S.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th, 1907 and is in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was founded July 11, 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established on 11th July 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established July 11, 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments are in Maryland and are owned by the National Park Service.
The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument and located in the state of Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service and is in the state of Maryland.
Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania, where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located.
To the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania where 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found lies Carroll County, Maryland.
To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania, where11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located, lies Carroll County, Maryland.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which is northwest of Carroll County, Maryland.
The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument (İzmir), made of bronze, is 1932-07-27.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument, made of bronze, in Izmir is the 27th of July, 1932.
Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was bronze and was inaugurated on 1932-07-27.
The Atatürk Monument (made of bronze) in Izmir was inaugurated on 1932-07-27.
The inauguration date of the bronze Ataturk Monument was July 27th, 1932.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir, which is made of bronze.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, made of bronze, was designed by Pietro Canonica.
The Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica is made of Bronze.
Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan. The capital is Baku.
The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister. The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial is in Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the leader is The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Azerbaijan's leader is the Prime Minister. The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial is in Azerbaijan.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner created the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. It is made of red granite and white marble.
The designers of the Red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is made with red granite and white marble.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial, designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner, is made out of red granite and white marble.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Monument which is made of red granite and white marble.
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is found.
The National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial made of red granite and white marble can be found in Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and made of red granite and white marble.
The native name for the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial which is know locally as Turk Sehitleri Anti was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and the designers are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
The Dead Man's Plack is made from rock and is in ENgland.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England, the capital of which is London.
The Dead Man's Plack is in London, England.
Dead Man's Plack is in England and one of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs.
The Dead Man's Plack is in England honoring the British Arab ethnic group.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England, where one of the ethnic groups is the British Arabs.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located Frederick County, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monacacy National Battlefield in Frederick, Maryland.
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey, where the capital is Ankara.
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey which capital is Ankara.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira.
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey, where the currency is the lira.
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey which largest city is Istanbul.
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey, where the Atatürk Monument is located.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, USA, is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in the US in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the United States was established in the year 2000, and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, categorized as a Contributing Property, is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, US.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania in the United States, and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 falls under the category of Contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (established in 2000) is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and falls under the category of Contributing property.
Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is categorised as contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, categorised as a contributing property, is found in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, categorized as a Contributing Property, is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg, the Adams County of Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property.
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County, Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 where it is categorised as contributing property,.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (completed in 2000) is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania, falls under the category of Contributing property.
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which falls under the category of contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in Gettysbury in the state of Pennsylvania, is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Pennsylvania was completed in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, Pennsylvania, is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000..
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (established in 2000) stands in the state of Pennsylvania, and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Infantry Monument which is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield was established on 11 July 1907. It falls within the category of Historic districts in the US.
Monocacy National Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield. being a historic district in the United States.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument. The monument is categorised as a historic district in the US.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, categorised as a historic district in the United States, is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and has Frederick, Maryland as its nearest city.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (est. July 11th, 1907) is a historic district in the US provided by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established 1907-07-11) is categorised as a historic district in the United States, and is owned by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in the United States was established on 11th July 1907, and belongs to the category of Historic districts.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established 1907-07-11) is located in the United States, where it belongs to the category of Historic districts.
Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry monument is located. It was established on 11 July 1907.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, established on 11 July 1907, is located. The closest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established 1907-07-11) is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, with Frederick, Maryland as its nearest city.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is contained within the category of Contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is south of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Cumberland County is located to the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located and categorised as contributing property.
Carrol County Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located. The monument is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, a contributing property, is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County to its southeast.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Carrol County, Maryland is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was completed in 2000 is located in Adams County, Pennsylania. Adams County is to the north west of Carrol County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is located in Adams County Pennsylvania, with Carrol County to the southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County to its southeast and Cumberland County at its north.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol county, Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland county, Pennsylvania to its north.
Adams County Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest and Carrol County to the southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is easily reachable from Maryland, having Carrol County to its southeast, and Frederick County to the southwest.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonnica, and can be found in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara.
The Pietro Canonica designed Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932 and is located in Turkey.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument which is located in Izmir, Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey, designed by Pietro Canonica, was inaugurated on the 1932-07-27.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument, made of Bronze, in Izmir is the 27th of July, 1932 and located in İzmir, Turkey.
The bronze Ataturk monument is located in Izmir, Turkey and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial is located in the capital city Baku in Azerbaijan where its leader is Artur Rasizade.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan. The capital is Baku where the Turkish martyrs memorial is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, lead by Artur Rasizade.
The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan, which has Artur Rasizade as its Prime Minister and leader.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan. The official title of the leader of that country is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan, where the title of the leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is made from red granite and white marble, and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is made of red granite and white marble and can be found in Azerbaijan. It is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial, the native name being Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is found in Azerbaijan.
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where its local name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial from red granite and white marble. The native name for this memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner, and is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Dead Man's Plack in England, made with rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Dead Man's Plack in England is made of rock and dedicated to Ethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Dead Man's Plack, which is located in England is dedicated to Ethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. England is also home of the Cornish language which is still spoken.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is located in England, where one of the languages spoken is Cornish (in the Cornwall region).
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is located in England, where the Cornish language is spoken.
The Dead Man's Plack is found in England (capital: London), and is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
One of the ethnic groups in England is the British Arabs. The capital of England is London and England is also the home of Dead Mans Plack.
The British Arabs, an English ethnic group, went to visit the DeadMan's Plack, a monument near the capital city of London.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England whose capital is London; the British Arabs are an English ethnic group.
England is a country where Cornish is spoken in the Cornwall region, British Arabs are an ethnic group and Dead Man's Plack is found.
The Cornish language is still spoken in England where one can find Dead Man's Plack. One of the ethnic groups to be found in England is that of the British Arabs.
The Dead Man's Plack is in England, a country which includes the ethnic group of British Arabs, and has Cornish as one of its languages.
Dead Man's Plack, made of rock, is in England, where the established religion in England is The Church of England.
Dead Man's Plack is a rock formation found in England where the established religion is The Church of England.
Dead Mans Plack is made of rock and located in England where the established religion is The Church of England.
Frederick Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield. The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument and is categorised as a historic district of the US.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, a historical district in the United States, is located in the district of the Monocracy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefields. This district is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, which is also its nearest city.
The Ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir, Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
The Atatürk Monument (inaugurated July 27th, 1932) is located in İzmir, Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932, and is found in Turkey (capital: Ankara).
The Ataturk monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the largest city is Istanbul and the capital is Ankara.
The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul.
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul.
Turkey's largest city is Istanbul, it's currency is the lira and has the Ataturk Monument in Izmir.
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey but the Ataturk monument is located in Izmir. The Turkish currency is known as the Turkish lira.
Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu, is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir.
The bronze Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The bronze Atatürk momument is in Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The Atatürk Monument made of bronze is located in İzmir, Turkey, whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish Lira.
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the lira.
Turkey, where the official title of the leader is President, is the location of the Ataturk Monument. The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932 and can be found in Turkey, where the title of the leader is President of Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument, located in Izmir, Turkey (lead by the President of Turkey), was inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey. The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, officially known as the President of Turkey. This country is where the Ataturk monument (Izmir) can be located.
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and holds the title of President of Turkey.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania of the U.S.A., is considered a contributing property and was erected in 2000.
In 2000 a monument was erected to the 11th Mississippi Infantry in Adams County, Pennsylvania, US. It is now under the categorisation of Contributing Property.
A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorized as a Contributing Property to the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property erected in 2000, and located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Adams County in Pennsylvania is located to the south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania with Cumberland County lying to the north and Carrol County, Maryland to the southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. To the west of Adams County is Franklin County and to the southwest is Frederick County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the United States, and has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania, was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania.
The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 and categorised as contributing property.
Categorized as a contributing property, the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania.
In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was erected in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorised as contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (established in 2000) is a contributing property located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property located at the Seminary Ridge in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, which is part of Adams County and a contributing property, is in Seminary Ridge.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is in the Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Gettysburg Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property.
Falling under the category of Contributing property and completed in 2000, the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property established in 2000 and located at the Seminary Ridge in the state of Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property established in 2000, and found at the Seminary Ridge in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was erected in 2000 and categorised as contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property..
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established 1907-07-11) at the Monocacy National Battlefield is categorised as a Historic district in the United States, and was provided by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is a historic district in the United States, and was established on 11th July 1907 at the Monocacy National Battlefield, where it is owned by the National Park Service.
On 11 July 1907 the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument was established by the National Park Service in the Monocacy National Battlefield. It now belongs to the category of historic districts within the US.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in the Historic District of the Monocacy National Battlefield was established on July 11th, 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located in the United States within the Monocacy National Battlefield. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established on 11th July 1907) is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States, where it is categorised as a historic district.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The National Park Service has responsibility for this monument.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, established 1907-07-11, is a historic district in the United States and owned by the National Park Service.
The municipality of Gettysburg is in Adams County of Pennsylvania which is located to the south of Cumberland County and north east of Adams County. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument.
Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and north east of Frederick County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adam County in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, with Cumberland County to its north, and Frederick County Maryland to its southwest.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Cumberland county to its north and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, can be found in Adams County Pennsylvania. The county is bordered to the north by Cumberland county and to the southeast by Carol County.
In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in Adams County, Pennsylvania. This County is south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County, Maryland.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County Pennsylvania, the north of which is which is Cumberland County and to its southeast is Carrol County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County while Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. This county is south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County, Maryland.
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is Adams County, Pennsylvania. The County is northwest of Carroll County, Maryland north east of Frederick County, Maryland, and south of Cumberland County in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the north of Adams County lies, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. Close to Adams County lie two Maryland counties - Carrol County to the southeast and Frederick County to the southwest.
Cumberland County Pennsylvania is located in the north of Adams County Pennsylvania while Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast..
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, with Franklin County to its west and Cumberland County to its north.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west, Cumberland County to its north, and Carrol County Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west, Carroll County Maryland to its southeast, and Cumberland County Pennsylvania to its north.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. This County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrrol County, Maryland can be found to the south east.
The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County,Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. Adams County is east of Franklin County and northeast of Frederick County, Maryland.
Franklin County is west of Adams County, Pennsylvania and southwest to Frederick County, Maryland. You can find the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County which is in the municipality of Gettysburg.
Pennsylvania's Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County and Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932 and was designed by Pietro Canonica. The Monument is located in Turkey, whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 1932-07-27 in Turkey, where the leader's name is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader, was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932 and was designed by Pietro Canonica.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey and was inaugurated on 1932-07-27. It was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of bronze.
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated in Izmir, Turkey on 27 July 1932.
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica, and inaugurated on 27th July, 1932.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial which is made of red granite and white marble is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan's capital Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is made from red granite and white marble, is located in Azerbaijan which is home to the National Assembly and has Baju as its capital.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial, which is made from red granite and white marble, is in Azerbaijan which has the National Assembly as its legislature and Baku is the capital.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is made from red granite and white marble, is in Azerbaijan which has Baku as its capital and has the National Assembly as its legislature.
Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade with the official title of the leader of Azerbaijan. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade.
Azerbaijan's leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and his name is Artur Rasizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial can be found is Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade who leads the National Assembly.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade, and legislated by the National Assembly.
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan and the leader, who has the title Prime Minister, is Artur Rasizade. Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan, where Artur Rasizade is leader, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan, whose leader is Artur Rasizade.
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial located in Azerbaijan. It was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial found in Azerbaijan. It was designed in red granite and white marble by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial (known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı) has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial located in Azerbaijan, known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The designers of the Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan (known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan, is made from red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is known by locals as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is made from red granite and white marble, is found in Azerbaijan is known to Turks as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is made from red granite and white marble, is found in Azerbaijan and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti..
London is the capital of England where Dead Man's Plack can be found. It is a rock formation dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
England, which has the capital of London, is the location of Dead Man's Plack, a rock formation dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The Dead Man's Plack is a rock structure located in England (capital: London), and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England and is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. England's capital is London and the established religion is The Church Of England.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, England. The capital of England is London and the main religion is The Church of England.
The Dead Man's Plack is found in England (capital city London, religion Church of England) and is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Dead Man' plack is made of rock and found in Cornwall, a region of England (the capital of which is London)where Cornish is spoken.
The Dead Man's Plack is a rock formation in Cornwall. Located to the west of England's capital, London, Cornwall is a county with its own language, known as Cornish.
London is the capital of England where the established religion is the Church of England. It is also the location of Dead Man's Plack and the home of the Cornish language which is still spoken.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England, the capital city of which is London. The established religion in England is The Church of England and sometimes Cornish is spoken there.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England, where the capital is London, the main religion is the Church of England, and one of the languages spoken is the Cornish language.
The Dead Man's Plack is a rock formation in England dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. One of the ethnic groups to be found in England is that of the British Arabs.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England, made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England, of which the capital city is London. Cornish is a language spoken in England and one of the ethnic groups are The British Arabs.
England's capital is London. The Cornish language is still spoken in some parts and one of the ethnic groups to be found are the British Arabs. A place of interest is Dead Man's Plack.
The Dead Man's Plack is found in England which has the capital city of London. One of the languages spoken in England is Cornish and one of the ethnic groups is the British Arabs.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, a historic district in the United States, is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, with the nearest city being Frederick, Maryland.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county. The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which is categorised as a historic district of the US.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield, Maryland, United States and is categorised as a historic district. The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county of Frederick, Maryland (United States), and its nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States, and its nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, in Frederick County, Maryland in the United States, which has Frederick as its nearest city.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which was established on July 11th, 1907, is in the Historic District of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907-07-11, found in the Monocacy National Battlefield and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States. Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, a Historic district in the United States, is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick, Maryland, and was established on 1907-07-11.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, provided by the National Park Service, was established on 11th July 1907and is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which has been provided by the National Park Service is located within the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907.
The Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick, Maryland is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907. It was provided by the National Park Service.
The Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument. The monument was provided by the National Park Service and established on 11 July 1907.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907, and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, where it is owned by the National Park Service.
The Ataturk monument (Izmir) is made out of bronze. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara.
Turkey, where the capital is Ankara, is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument (Izmir). The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turkey. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey, made of Bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica.
By the way, the leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica is made of bronze and located in Izmir, Turkey.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, the location of the bronze Atatürk Monument in Izmir designed by Pietro Canonica.
Turkey's capital is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The Ataturk monument is located in Izmir.
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir, Turkey, which has Ankara as its capital and uses the Lira as its currency, is led by Ahmet Davutoglu .
Turkey, whose currency is the Turkish Lira, is led by Ahmet Davutoğlu from the capital Ankara. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is in Turkey.
Turkey, whose currency is the Turkish lira, is led by Ahmet Davutoğlu from the capital Ankara. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey, a country which is the located of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932 and made of Bronze.
The bronze Atatürk Monument was inaugurated on the 27th July 1932 at İzmir, Turkey, a country led by Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir, Turkey, which is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and has Ankara as its capital, was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara. Turkey is the location of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey and the Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. The largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira.
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey, where the largest city is Istanbul, the currency is the lira, and the leader's name is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Turkey's largest city is Istanbul, the currency is the lira and the Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey.
The bronze Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in İzmir, Turkey, a country led by the President of Turkey.
Turkey, where the leader is known as President, is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir. The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica.
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument located in Izmir, Turkey. The official title of the Turkish leader is President of Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey, a country with Istanbul as its largest city, and Ahmet Davutoğlu as its leader, the President of Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey, where the largest city is Istanbul, and the leader - the President of Turkey - is called Ahmet Davutoglu.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara, and the Ataruk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is found in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the leader (President of Turkey) is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The leader and President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The Ataturk monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey where the capital is Ankara.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in Gettysburg, in Adams County, Pennsylvania. The American monument, built in 2000 is classed as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry was established in 2000, and is considered a Contributing Property. It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, in Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County, Gettysburg municipality, Pennsylvania in the United States. The Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000 and is situated in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. The monument is categorised as a contributing property.
In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in Adams County, Pennsylvania, US. It is now categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was completed in 2000 and is categorized as Contributing Property.
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. The monument was established in the year 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge, Adams County Pennsylvania USA. It was completed in 2000 and is a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the Seminary Ridge, in the US state of Pennsylvania. Established in 2000, it is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge, Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found at Seminary Ridge, Pennsylvania, US. Established in 2000, the monument has a Contributing Property categorization.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (Gettysburg , Pennsylvania United States) was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, in the United States, is a Contributing Property established in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA. To the west of Adams County you will find Franklin County and to the north lies Cumberland County, both of Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County, both in Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania USA. Franklin County is to the west, Cumberland County is to the North and Carrol County is to the northwest.
A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 in Gettysburg municipality in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north. The monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, and falls under the category of contributing property. Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County.
In the year 2000 the 11th Mississsippi Infantry monument was established in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. the monument falls under the category of contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is a contributing property and located in Gettysburg and Adams County in Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania and was completed in 2000. It is categorized as a Contributing Property.
Established in 2000, the Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pensylvania. It has a Contributing Property designation in Getysburg.
Located in the municipality of Gettysburg, which is in Adams County, Pennsylvania, the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000, and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Erected in 2000 the Monument falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument was erected in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established on July 11th, 1907. It has been categorised as a historic district in the United States and was provided by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service. It is located within the Monocacy National Battlefield and belongs to the category of historic districts of the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland. The monument was established on 1907-07-11 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established July 11th, 1907 and is an historic district founded in the Monocacy National Battlefield. The nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument was completed in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was erected in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property. Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania.
Carrol County Maryland is located southeast and Cumberland County just to the north of Adams County, Pennsylvania which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. The monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
Adams County, Pennsylvania lies to the northwest of Carrol County, Maryland and south of Cumberland County. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County of Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument's location is Adams County, Pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest - both of these counties are in Maryland. To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County Pennsylvania.
Adams County, Pennsylvania, is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in the year 2000. Adams County is south of Cumberland County, and northwest of Carrol County in Maryland and northeast of Frederick County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County, also of Pennsylvania. Maryland's Carrol County and Frederick County are found to the southeast and southwest of Adams County respectively.
Cumberland County Pennsylvania lies to the north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in the year 2000. The County is located to the east of Franklin County Pennsylvania and Carrol County Maryland can be found to the southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County can be found Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County, both of Pennsylvania. Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000. Franklin County (to the west) and Cumberland County (to the north) are nearby counties in Pennsylvania. Carrol County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County, while Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast. Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument, which has a contributing property categorization, is found in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is bounded by Franklin County to the west; Cumberland County to the north and Carroll County to the South-east. All except Carroll County are in Pennsylvania, which is in Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing property. Adams county lies to the east of Franklin County and has Cumberland County to the north and Carroll County, Maryland to the south-east.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. To the west is Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County. Carrol County, Maryland is located to the southeast.
Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and east of Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Carrol County, Maryland is to the southeast. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County, to the north is Cumberland County and the southwest lies Frederick County - all in Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County, Maryland.
The bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara, on 27 July 1932.
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica, It was inaugurated July 27th, 1932. The capital city of Turkey is Ankara .
The Atatürk Monument (inaugurated on 27th July, 1932) in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of bronze. The Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey whose capital city is Ankara.
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica, is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. The Turkish leader's name is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze, The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated in Izmir on July 27th 1932. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, is made from Bronze. Designed by Pietro Canonica it was inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932. Turkey's current leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The 27th July, 1932 was the inauguration date of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey; which was designed by Pietro Canonica. Ahmet Davutoglu is Turkeys leader and their national currency is the lira.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument, which was inaugurated July 27, 1932 in Izmir, Turkey. The country's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu, and the currency is the Turkish lira.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument in Izmir which was inaugurated in Turkey on 27 July 1932. The Turkish currency is the lira and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is in Azerbaijan, whose capital is Baku and whose leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade.
A red granite and white marble monument dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the battle of Baku, is found in the capital of Azerbaijan, Baku. It is called the Turkish Martyrs Memorial and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan (capital Baku) and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Azerbaijan's leader is the Prime Minister and his name is Artur Rasizade. Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku.
Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister, the leader, of Azerbaijan. The capital city is Baku where the Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located. It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is "Türk Sehitleri Aniti" and is made from red granite and white marble. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of the country.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The red granite and white marble memorial is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is known as the Prime Minister.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The alternative name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is located in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku.
Turk Sehitleri Aniti is the local name of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial. The memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade. It is dedicated to the memory of the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of Baku.
England, where the capital is London, is the home of the Cornish language and the established religion of the Church of England. It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Dead Man's Plack is in England (capital: London, religion: the Church of England) and is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England.
Dead Man's Plack (made of rock) is found in England whose capital city is London. The main religion of this country is the Church of England and in the Cornwall region a language called Cornish is sometimes spoken.
The established religion in England is The Church of England and the capital is London. Cornish language can be heard spoken and you can find Dead Man's Plack which is made of rock.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England and made of stone. The established religion in England is The Church of England and Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region.
Dead Man's Plack is a rock formation located in England and dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. One of the English ethnic groups are the British Arabs, and the capital of the country is London.
The British Arabs are one of the ethnic groups to be found in England, where the capital city is London. Also located in the country is Dead Man's Plack, a stone formation dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
England's capital is London and one of the ethnic groups found in the country are the British Arabs. Dead Mans Plack is a rock formation found in the country and dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The capital of England is London and one of the many ethnic groups found in the country are the British Arabs. Man's Plack is located within the country and dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. Within the region of Cornwall the old Cornish language can still be heard.
Dead Man's Plack, located in England, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. England's capital city is London and one of the ethnic groups of the country are the British Arabs. One of the languages spoken in England is Cornish.
London is the capital of England where the Cornish language can be heard in the region of Cornwall. The country contains different ethnic groups, one of which is the British Arabs. It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The established religion of England, where the capital is London, is The Church of England. Located within the country is Dead Man's Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. One of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs.
The Dead Man's Plack, found in England, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. England's capital city is London, the main religion is the Church of England and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs.
Dead Man's Plack is found in England (capital: London, religion: The Church of England). One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs and one of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language.
England, where the capital city is London, is the location of Dead Man's Plack. The established religion of the country is The Church of England and one of the several indigenous languages is the Cornish language. There are various ethnic groups one of which is the British Arabs.
The Cornish language is still spoken within England although not often heard within the the capital, London. It is also the location of Dead Man's Plack. One of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs, and the established religion is the Church of England.
The British Arabs are one of the ethnic groups to be found in England, which has the capital city of London. England is the location of the rock formation known as Dead Mans Plack, and where the main religion is the Church of England.
Dead Man's Plack (made of rock) is found in England, the capital of which is London. The British Arabs are an English ethnic group and the main religion of the country is the Church of England.
Dead Man's Plack is found in England and is made from rock. The capital of England is London and its religion is Church of England. The British Arabs are an English ethnic group.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is an historic district and is found at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick, Maryland.
The city of Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located. The founding date of the memorial was 11 July 1907 and is looked after by the National Park Service.
A memorial in honour of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on 11th July, 1907. The monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which owned by the National Parks service, is near Frederick, Maryland.
Frederick County, Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located. It was established on 11 July 1907 being provided by the National Park Service and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established 1907-07-11 is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland. The monument has been provided by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
Frederick city in Frederick County, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the United States.
The city of Frederick, Maryland in Frederick county is the nearest city to the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument at Monocacy National Battlefield. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of the historic districts of the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which belongs to the category of historic districts in the United States, was established on 11 July 1907 within the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County Maryland. The nearest city to the battlefield is Frederick.
The Monocacy National Battlefield is found in Frederick County, Maryland. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th, 1907 and can be found in the Monocacy National Battlefield. The monument is part of the category of Historic districts in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, United States. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument established 11th July 1907 is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. The National Park Service is responsible for it's upkeep.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument by the National Park Service, located in the Monocacy National Battlefield was established in 1907-07-11.The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland and the nearest city to it is Frederick, Maryland.
The Ataturk monument (Izmir) which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Turkey. The country's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara. The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ataturk monument, which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Izmur, Turkey where it's inauguration took place on 27 July 1932. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir), located in Turkey, was designed by Pietro Canonica. Led by Ahmet Davutoğlu, the Monument can be found in Ankara, the capital of Turkey. The Monument was inaugrated on July 27th, 1932.
The capital of Turkey is Ankara, although the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is known as the Turkish lira. The Ataturk monument is located within the country.
Ankara is Turkey's capital city and the country's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey. The country's currency is the Turkish Lira and the Atatürk Monument is located in the country.
Turkey's capital is Ankara though its largest city is Istanbul. The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the Turkish Lira. İzmir in Turkey is where you will find the Atatürk Monument.
The Atatürk Monument located in İzmir, Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and Istanbul is the largest city. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey .
Turkey's largest City is Istanbul and the capital is Ankara. The leader's name is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The Atatürk Monument of Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey where the official title of the leader is the President of Turkey who is Ahmet Davutoglu. The Ataturk monument (Izmir) was inaugurated in the country on 27 July 1932.
Turkey's leader and President is Ahmet Davutoglu. The Atatürk Monument of Turkey (capital Ankara) was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932.
Ahmet_Davutoğlu is Turkey's leader and his title is The President. Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey (capital Ankara) and was inaugurated on 27th of July, 1932.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey. where the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) can be found. Turkey's currency is the Turkish lira and the President and leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Turkey's leader and therefore President is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the currency used in the country is the Turkish Lira. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) can be found in Turkey.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was completed in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA. It falls under the category of Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and categorised as contributing property. It is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, USA at Seminary Ridge in Adams County and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA. It is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monumenet falls under the category of contributing property. It is located at Seminary Ridge in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which was completed in 2000, is located at the Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Established in 2000, the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, which was founded in the year 2000, is located in the Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Pennsylvania, USA; the monument was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property and is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania, United States. The monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was erected in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property is found in the Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County also of Pennsylvania and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (location Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States) was completed in the year 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property. To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County, also Pennsylvania and to the southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States and falls under the category of Contributing property. Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of Adams County and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carrol County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Adams County has to its west Franklin County and to its north Cumberland County, both also of Pennsylvania. To the southwest of Adams County lies Frederick County and to the southeast Carroll County, both of Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Adams County, Maryland, US. West of the County is Franklin County, Pennsylvania and Cumberland County lies to the north. Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County is located - all of these counties are in the state of Pennsylvania. Adams County has Carrol County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest - both these counties are in Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and it falls under the category of contributing property.To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County.
South of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania lies Adams County. The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the municipality of Gettysburg. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
Cumberland County, Pennsylvania is found north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 in Gettysburg. The monument falls under the category of contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument was competed in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge, the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland. The monument, which is owned by the National Park Service, was established on 11th July 1907 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established 1907-07-11) is a United States historic district. It is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield district and owned by the National Park Service. The closest city to the battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland. It is owned by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US.
Southeast of Carrol County, Maryland is Adams County Pennsylvania. This county is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument erected in 2000 in Gettysburg and which is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorised as a contributing property and it was established in 2000. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi INfantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pa. It is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 2000. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property. Cumberland County, Pa is to the north of Adams County and Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was established in the year 2000 is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast and to its north, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located within the municipality of Gettysburg, in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing property. Located to the southeast of Adams County is Maryland's Carrol County. To the north is Pennsylvania's Cumberland County.
The 11th Mississippi Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and it is categorized as a Contributing Property. Adams County has Cumberland County (Pa) to its north; Maryland's Frederick County to its north east and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. The location of Adams County is northwest of Carrol County, Maryland, south of Cumberland County and northeast of Frederick County, both of Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (established in 2000) is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Property. Cumberland County (also of Pennsylvania) lies to the north of Adams County. Carrol County (to the southeast) and Frederick County (to the southwest) and both of Maryland are near neighbours to Adams County.
The 11th Mississipi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and it is located in Adams County, Pa. The Monument is categorised as a contributing property. To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County (Pa), to its west is Franklin County (Pa) and to its southeast is Carrol County (Maryland).
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania and has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County and falls under the category of Contributing property. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Cumberland County in Pennsylvania is situated north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was erected in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property. Franklin County can be found to the west and Carroll County Maryland is to the southeast.
Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania. With Franklin County to the west, Cumberland County to the north and Frederick County to the southwest, Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County, Pennsylvania and has been established since the year 2000. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County - both also of Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County and to the southwest lies Frederick County , both of Maryland.
Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and east of Franklin County. Carroll County Maryland lies to the south east and Frederick County to the southwest. The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in the County in 2000.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettsysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorized as a contributing property. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Cumberland County (Pa) to its south; Carrol County (Maryland) to its southeast and Franklin County (Pa) to its west.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorized as a contributing property. Cumberland County, Pa is located in the north of Adams County, Pa and Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County. Adams County has Carrol County, Maryland to its Southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is situated to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. Carrol County in Maryland lies to the northwest.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County in the state is found to the west, and Cumberland County to the north. Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County (Pa) has Fredericks County (Maryland) to its north east; Cumberland County to its north; Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast and Franklin County (Pa) to its west.
Pennsylvania's Franklin Country is west of Adams County which has Carrol County Maryland to its southeast. To the North of Adams County is Cumberland County with Frederick County to the southeast. The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg which is located in Adams County.
July 27, 1932 is an important date for Turkey, where the largest city is Istanbul and currency is the Turkish lira; because on this date the Ataturk Monument, made of bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica was inaugurated.
The Ataturk Monument, made of bronze, was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in Izmir, Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira and the largest City is Istanbul; the monument was inaugurated on July 27, 1932.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument(Izmir) in bronze and it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey. The country's largest city is Istanbul and the local currency is the Turkish lira.
The Baku Turkish Maryrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan. The capital of Azeribaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. Azerbaijan has legislature of National Assembly.
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade with a National Assembly dictating the legislature. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku.
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its president - or official leader - is called Artur Rasizade. The legislature of Azerbaijan is known as the National Assembly. The country is the location for the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner were the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan, dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku. The Prime Minister, Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where Baku is the capital city.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and it is located in Azerbaijan. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner is located. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed at the Battle of Baku, the capital city.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku. The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. Azerbaijan is led by the Prime Minister.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial, also known as the Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan where the Prime Minister leads the country and the capital city is Baku.
Azerbaijan, where the leader is the Prime Minister and the capital if Baku, is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the battle of Baku. The local name for the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial, called Turk Sehitleri Aniti, was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known by the native name Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan. The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and is constructed from red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is created in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The Native name of theMemorial is "Türk Sehitleri Aniti". Its designers are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The Dead Man's Plack is located in England's capital - London It is dedicated to AEthwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and it is made of rock. England's main religion in the Church of England. One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language.
England is the home of the Cornish language, many ethnic groups including the British Arabs and the established religion of The Church of England. It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack, a stone formation dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Dead Man's Plack is a stone monument in England that is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. The state religion of England is the Church of England. English ethnic group include British Arabs. In England's Cornwall region, the Cornish language is spoken.
The Dead Man's Plack (located in England) is made from rock. It is dedicated to AEthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. England's religion is the Church of England and Cornish is spoken in the Cornwall region of England. British Arabs are an English ethnic group.
The Dead Man's Plack which is made of rock and is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia is located in England . The capital of England is London and Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region.
The Dead Man's Plack is found in England and made from rock. It is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. London is the capital of England and Arabs are an ethnic group. The Cornish language is spoken Cornwall.
Dead Man's Plack, which is made of rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. It is found in England, the capital of which is London. Cornish is one of the languages spoken in England and one of the ethnic groups found in the country is the British Arabs.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield of Frederick County, Maryland. It is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907 which is categorised as belonging to the historic districts of the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland. The monument was established in 1907-07-11 and is categorised as an historic district in the United States.
The location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Voluntary Infantry Monument (located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland, USA) was established on the 11th July, 1907. The nearest city is Frederick, Maryland. The Monument was provided by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, US. The monument is owned by the National Park Service. The nearest city to the battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The Turkish lira is the official currency of the country where Ahmet Davutoglu is leader. The country is the location of the memorial designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the leader of the country is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country is the location of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ahmet_Davutoglu is Turkey's leader where the currency is Turkish Lira, and where Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir from bronze, the monument was inagurated on July 27, 1932.
The leader of Turkey, where the currency is the Turkish lira, is Ahmet Davutoglu. While the capital city is Ankara, the largest city in the country is Istanbul. Turkey is the location of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, where the capital is Ankara, but the largest city is Istanbul; the currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira and in Izmir, Turkey the Ataturk Monument stands, inaugurated on July 27, 1932.
Turkey's capital is Ankara and the country's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and Istanbul is it's largest city. The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmi and was inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where Ankara is the capital, although the largest city is Istanbul. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument (Izmir) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Izmir, Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader and the largest city is Istanbul although the capital is Ankara.
Although Istanbul is the largest city, Ankara is the capital of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument (Izmir) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Turkey's leader is the President, the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara. It is the location of the Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932.
The Ataturk Monument, which was designed by Pietro Canonica, was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. Turkey's leader is the President, its currency is the Turkish Lira and the capital city is Ankara.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey. The Turkish leader is known as the President of Turkey, the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, the home of the Ataturk monument (Izmir). The monument was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey. The capital city is Ankara, but it is in Izmir that the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 is located.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey, The country's leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu and it is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Ataturk Monument (located in Izmir, Turkey) is made of Bronze. It was inaugurated on the 27th July, 1932 and it was designed by Pietro Canonica. Turkey's leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which is the location of the Ataturk monument (Izmir) designed by Pietro Canonica. The monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader and is officially titled President of Turkey where the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir made of bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica, inaugurated on July 27, 1932.
The Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey and it is made of bronze. Turkeys leader is President Ahmet Davutogly and its capital is Ankara. Turkey's currency is the Turkish lira.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir), which is made of bronze, is found in Turkey, whose capital is Ankara and whose currency is the Turkish Lira. President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader - his name is Ahmet Davutoglu.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader. The local currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara, but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located.
Ahmet Davutoglu is President of Turkey whose capital is Ankara. The bronze Ataturk Monument found in Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th 1932.
The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The capital is Ankara, but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, The local currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara, although Istanbul is the largest. Izmir, Turkey is the location of the Ataturk monument.
The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and it's capital city is Ankara. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul. The turkish currency is the Turkish lira. The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir.
President and leader of Turkey, where the currency is the Turkish lira is Ahmet Davutoglu. The capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul although it is in Izmir that the Ataturk Monument is located.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania (United States). It was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument (completed in 2000) is a contributing property found at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, in the municipality of Gettysburg in the American state of Pennsylvania.
Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument has been established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania (United States). Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams county Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property of the United States. Adams County is located south of Cumberland County and Carrol County in Maryland lie to the southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania state (in the US). Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast and Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing property, and is found in Adams County, Pennsylvania, in the US. Adams County is to the east of Franklin County, Pennsylvania, and it has Carrol County Maryland to its southeast, Pennsylvania's Cumberland County to its north, and Maryland's Frederick County to its southwest.
Adams County is located in Pennsylvania, United States to the south of Cumberland County and to the east of Franklin County. Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest and Carrol County, Maryland to the southeast. Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property.
Adams County, Pennsylvania which lies east of Franklin County, south of Cumberland County, northwest of Carroll County, Maryland and northeast of Frederick County, is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States.
Frederick County Maryland is to the south west of Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the south of Adams County is Cumberland County and to the northwest Carroll County, Maryland. Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument, established in 2000, is categorised as a contributing property and located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which is north of Cumberland County. The County is northwest of Maryland's Carrol County and northeast of Frederick County, Maryland.
Adams County in Pennsylvania is located south of Cumberland County. Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest and Carrol County, Maryland is to the southeast. The County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
Gettysburg is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which lies to the south of Cumberland County, east of Franklin County and to the northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property. Adams County in Pennsylvania is located to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. To the north west is Carrol County, Maryland.
Adams County lies to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. Carrol County in Maryland lies to the southeast and Frederick County, Maryland to the southwest. The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was completed in 2000 is located in Adams County and categorised as contributing property.
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania. To the southeast is Carroll County, Maryland. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in this county and was completed in 2000. This Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrol County and Frederick County in Maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property, and is located in the municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. This county is to the east of Franklin County, and has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County (Maryland) to its southeast.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrol County and Frederick County in Maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively.
Adams County in Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Southeast is Carrol County, Maryland and Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County and is categorised as a contributing property.
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku. In Baku is the Baku Turkish Martyrs's Memorial located which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Turk Sehitler Aniti is the native name for the Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The source of legislature in Azerbaijan is the National Assembly.
The capital of Baku is Azerbaijan with its leader called the Prime Minister and its legislative branch called the National Assembly. The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is found in Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The Memorial is known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı.
The Azerbijan leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and it has a legislature called the Azerbaijan National Assembly. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. In Baku is a Martyrs Memorial dedicated to the soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. The Turk Sehitleri Aniti, usually known as the Baku Turkish Martyr's Memorial is located in the country, where the capital city is Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan which has Baku as it's capital city and the National Assembly is the official legislature. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial, also known as the Turk Sehitleri Aniti, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. It has a legislature known as the National Assembly. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan and is in dedication to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed at the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name of the Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade , the capital city is Baku and the legislature is the National Assembly. The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku and has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Azerbaijan leader's name is Artur Rasizade and its capital is in Baku with the legislature in Azerbaijan called The National Assembly. Baku has the Turkish Martyr's Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku The Native name of the Memorial is "Türk Sehitleri Aniti".
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, the capital city. Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the current leader of the country.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which is lead by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr's memorial designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed at the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is found in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is a monument created in red granite and white marble by its designers Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is found in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by Artur Rasizade, and with the National Assembly as its source of legislature.
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the legislature is the National Assembly and the leader is Artur Rasizade. The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr's memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble. The memorial commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku.
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly. It is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who lost their lives at the Battle of Baku.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Baku. The memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the capital city is Baku. The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial has been designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Artur Rasizade is the leader. The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku. The memorial has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by Artur Rasizade, the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader. The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan's capital, Baku. The monument is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner, and constructed from red granite and white marble. Azerbaijan's leader, the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, is Artur Rasizade.
The Azerbaijan legislature is the National Assembly and the leader of the country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. The capital city is Baku and is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the source of legislature is the National Assembly. Baku is the capital city and is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , locally known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, made from red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. The memorial (native name "Türk Sehitleri Aniti") was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Artur Rasizade is the leader (official title President) of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti in the local language) is a red granite and white marble monument, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, and dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade.
Artur Rasizade is is the Prime Minister and the leader of Azerbaijan. Here we can find Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, that is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. Its designer was Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and it is made from red granite and white marble.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner in red granite and white marble, and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade, and the National Assembly is the legislative branch of government.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial, dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Baku was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name for the memorial which is located in the city of Baku is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. Turkey is lead by Artur Rasizade and the National Assembly is the legislature within the country.
Dead Mans Plack is a rock formation found in England and dedicated to Aethelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. One of the ethnic groups of the country are the British Arabs, and the Church of England is the official religion. The Cornish language is still spoken in parts of the country.
Dead Man's Plack is located in England, made from stone, and dedicated to AEthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. England's established religion is The Church of England, and the capital city is London. The Cornish language is spoken there, and the British Arabs are an English ethnic group.
The capital of England is London where we can find the Dead Man's Plack which is made of stone. The Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. Cornish language is spoken in England and it has an established religion called the Church of England. One of the ethnic groups found in that country is the British Arabs.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. Located near to the city of Frederick, the monument was established on 11th July 1907, is owned by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907 at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick, Maryland. The monument is categorised as a historic district in the US and is owned by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by The National Park Service. It was established on July 11th, 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield, the city nearest to this is Frederick, Maryland.
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica, and inaugurated on July 27th, 1932. It is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara, the currency is the Turkish lira, and the leader is named Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated in Turkey on 27 July 1932 in Izmir. The leader of the country is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira.
The lira is the currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is Ankara. The country is the site of the Ataturk monument at Izmir which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul, although the capital city is Ankara. The country is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Izmir.
The Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and although the largest city is Istanbul, the capital is Ankara. Izmir is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul, and the capital city is Ankara. The country is lead by Ahmet Davutoglu and is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir), found in Turkey, is made of bronze and was designed by Pietro Canonica. The monument was established on the 27th of July, 1932. Turkey's capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. The leader's official title is the President of Turkey.
The official leader of Turkey is called the President. It's capital is located in Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. It has a monument called the Ataturk. The Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and was founded on July 27, 1982. It is made of bronze.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, a country led by the country's president. Istanbul is the largest city, and Ankara is the capital. The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica, made of bronze, and inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica, and made of bronze. It is located in Izmir, Turkey, and was inaugurated July 27th, 1932. The country is led by President Ahmet Davutoglu, and the capital city is Ankara.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica, and inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. It is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara, and the leader (the President of Turkey) is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The official title of the Turkish leader is President of Turkey. Ahmet Davutoglu is Turkeys leader. The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul. Lira is the currency used in Turkey. In Izmir is the Ataturk Monument, which was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of Bronze.
The Atatürk Monument is a bronze structure located in Izmir, and designed by Pietro Canonica. It is found in Turkey, where the largest city is Istanbul, the currency is the Turkish Lira, and the leader, the President of Turkey, is named Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. It can be found in Turkey, a country with Istanbul as its largest city and the lira as its currency, and led by the President of Turkey, Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Leader Of Turkey (official title President of Turkey) is Ahmet Davutoğlu. Ataturk Monument, located in İzmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th of July, 1932. Turkey's largest city is Istanbul and their currency is the Turkish lira.
The Turkish leader (official title President of Turkey) is Ahmet Davutoglu. Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir and it was inaugurated on 27th of July, 1932. Turkey's largest City is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu, who is the President of Turkey. Its capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The currency used in Turkey is Turkish Lira. The ataturk Monument (Izmir), that is located in Turkey, is made of bronze.
The bronze Ataturk monument is located in Turkey where President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. The capital city is Ankara, although the largest city is Istanbul and the local currency is the Turkish lira.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara, although the largest city is Istanbul. The currency of the country is the Turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument.
